Mike Sackton: Oh, hey, Tim, I updated the party treasure to get rid of our thing that we gave. I noticed that. Good for you, different system for treasure, because this is too much work.
Tim Sackton: actually have have a different system. The reason I started party treasure was because I need to. I have all these secrets. Once you got the mirror, I suddenly had to track so much more about everything you got.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's funny!
Tim Sackton: But you dug your own hole there I dug my own hole. I almost I almost took the mirror away from you, cause you are leaving in the storm. And
Tim Sackton: see, here's an example of a failure state that would have been fun. You should have lost the mirror because the floating coin expired, and you were lost in Hoggard's storm when you were leaving, and it should have just fallen.
Tim Sackton: But you're all like. No, no, no, this is such a cool item. You can't take it away from us, and I rented
Tim Sackton: too soft on us. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: no. But I disagree. I mean, the mirror has been such a source of joy.
David Kong: so much epicness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get it back?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think soft and harder.
Tim Sackton: So, okay, you could have lost the mirror. And then we could have spent the first half of the next session you go back into the storm
Tim Sackton: searching for the mirror, fighting some thing and maybe finding it, or maybe not finding it, but like at some point. You really want to play that out right? It just gets boring. That's true.
David Kong: So there's a lot of mitigating DM stuff to do. There's perfect. But from a storytelling perspective. The mirror has, like, created so many interesting, cool story lines, such a powerful thing. So you know, it's better for the plot and everything else that we've got it.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: let's get started in the
northern forests.
where for the past
Tim Sackton: more than a week now you've been traveling across the vast boreal forest that stretches all the way from the sentinel range in the east.
Tim Sackton: across the island of some bar.
Tim Sackton: through the northern part of northern and central interior of Austo.
across the Shivno Mountains, where the frost giants live, and then stretching far into the east.
Tim Sackton: no alright
Tim Sackton: perfect.
Tim Sackton: Along the river valley of the great northern river Pad.
Tim Sackton: It is these northern forests, a place of much danger and
hardship.
Tim Sackton: Hundreds of years ago, before the
Tim Sackton: ancient white Dragon vim. Frost rose to power
so
times and way a peaceful place
Tim Sackton: of a kind, anyway, under the rule of Jarn Frost, the mighty
who extended his protection for hundreds of miles in either direction, east and west from the mountains.
stretching.
Tim Sackton: creating a a area where dragons dare not tread.
Tim Sackton: But then vim. Frost rose, and the dragons bond spread. Darren frost fell in battle, and the peace was shattered.
The
Tim Sackton: and now
Tim Sackton: northern forests are far from a place of safety.
Tim Sackton: The dwarves and stoneborn live
Tim Sackton: in hiding in
Tim Sackton: in servitude.
Tim Sackton: Sorry bye.
Tim Sackton:  the
I forget where I was.
to the west
Tim Sackton: brim Scara rules over the dwarves and the stoneborn in a harsh kingdom of servitude.
Tim Sackton: under his personal protection against the dragons that
Tim Sackton: many faceted spawn of dim frost that inhabit the far northern mountains
Tim Sackton: across the forest, the Vargold vibe.
isolated in small groups and camps.
Tim Sackton: fleeing from dragons and
Tim Sackton: seeking to avoid the deadly ice worms that roam across the lands and the other dangers that lurk in the darker parts of the forest. especially to the south.
Tim Sackton: where.
Tim Sackton: of rumors of a vampire a giant bat guardians
Tim Sackton: create. Excuse me, an air of darkness.
Tim Sackton: And now, having traveled
Tim Sackton: some hundreds of miles on your flying castle from the mountains along the Cat River.
having fought off a
Tim Sackton: iceworm
Tim Sackton: chasing to isolated lost. ma'am. for
of the start.
Tim Sackton: gold?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
And as I it's afternoon this quickly in the mark.
yeah, I don't know what's up with our Internet.
Tim Sackton:  I don't know if it's a router, or if it's
Tim Sackton:  zoom and Google says our Internet is fine.
Kate Sackton: why don't we start without Wi-fi?
Kate Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: hey? It also sounds bad.
David Kong: Could try it. Try it
Tim Sackton: struggling with upload instead of download.
Tim Sackton: I was playing a game. He should be stopping soon, because it's a school night
that might help.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Can you turn off his Wi-fi?
Tim Sackton: No, I can't turn off his wi-fi
Kate Sackton:  reporting it in Congress.
Tim Sackton: Now, I'm getting feedback from Kate.
Kate Sackton: Just for a second I fixed it. Okay.
Tim Sackton: we're good.
Tim Sackton: anyway. So now we start in the Vargold camp
Tim Sackton: where you have landed.
Tim Sackton: Hey?
Tim Sackton: A small collection of 20 or 30 tenths banked fires nestled among the trees. where probably 40 or 50 people live.
Tim Sackton: Standing before you is an unexpected group.
Tim Sackton:  You can see people beginning to shift from
Tim Sackton: bears.
Tim Sackton: birds, foxes.
Tim Sackton: even squirrels, and smaller mammals into humans.
Tim Sackton: and standing among them
Tim Sackton: are some halflings and some stone born.
Tim Sackton: all beginning to gather as you, your giant.
Tim Sackton: 200 foot long sky ship, with a frost giant sitting on top of it.
Tim Sackton: and a tree growing from
Tim Sackton: Upper Dock
Tim Sackton: descends is the Frost Giant in the lower section. I guess he's probably I was thinking about this. How? How would he get into the lower section?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? We need some 20 to adjust things. There's not.
Tim Sackton: You don't have, you don't have
Kate Sackton: he? He also probably just wants to spend time on day. Wait, it's a giant ship, did we re-engineer it so much that a giant doesn't fit on it anymore.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you built. It's not supposed to have any text.
Eric Rosenbaum: You've built 2 whole floors where there weren't floors before you hired an architect for a project like this instead of just doing it yourself. That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the name? Again?
Tim Sackton:  His name is Childguard.
David Kong: Aka frost.
Tim Sackton: Aka. What
David Kong: Aka! Frosty
Eric Rosenbaum: Russ frosty
Tim Sackton: a ELGU. RD. Algerd.
Eric Rosenbaum: Elder. Alright.
Tim Sackton: So, as you land, you have attracted quite the commotion, and many people seem to be gathering
Tim Sackton: most notable among them
Tim Sackton:  and and seemingly coming to the forefront
Tim Sackton: to speak, is a woman of maybe 30,
Tim Sackton:  dark-skinned, wearing braided hair, tied braided brown hair, black hair tied, tied back, wearing
Tim Sackton: first animal tokens. but also wearing
Tim Sackton: armor that looks somewhat similar in design and pattern to deal with
Tim Sackton: armor of the Denocae to the west, far to the west.
Tim Sackton: on the other side of the mountains.
David Kong: who
Tim Sackton: then, as you land
Tim Sackton:  There is
Tim Sackton: quite a commotion, shouts, conversation going back and forth among
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton:  humans and other bargold of this camp.
Tim Sackton: And what are you all doing?
Tim Sackton: And maybe just briefly describe your characters to set the scene as you descend from the skyship.
Tim Sackton: To speak with the people of this camp.
Mike Sackton: we can. We reuse the Rainbow Bridge?
Tim Sackton: No, hasn't used it already today.
Mike Sackton: So and we have like ladders.
Tim Sackton: We got one, of course.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's 50 feet long. Is that long enough? Not really like the height of the from the rail to the bottom of the keel is probably yeah. That's probably more like
Mike Sackton: more like 80 feet, like we do have a warehouse at the
Mike Sackton: bought it. I guess there's no good way to get.
Mike Sackton: We don't have any holes in the hall
Eric Rosenbaum: I was. I've been thinking about that.
Mike Sackton: There, we need like a we need like a door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, alright sort of like a loading dock
Tim Sackton: loading ramp
Eric Rosenbaum: to load the
Tim Sackton: to load the
Tim Sackton: storehouse. You probably would have had to construct some kind of
David Kong: opening in the bottom and the bottom. It's like the millennium falcon.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like, we should have like a loading some sort of drawbridge system, right? Police and things. Well, that's how we drop shit, too, on our enemies when we're flying over them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we like bring down the loading, Doc, and there's the warehouse there, right like. and then we have ladders
Mike Sackton: that come off the bottom of the loading dock. So we're floating like, or even could hit the ground right like, don't we, Jim? We have like a
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can land, and you can have a loading, Doc, that you can have a door that opens a drawbridge that lowers from the loading dock.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it, is it? On the front of the screen?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's the back of the ship
Mike Sackton: back. I think it's on the back
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: the the stern, the stern
Mike Sackton: fronts and backs on this thing. Yes, brow and start alright. Alright!
Mike Sackton: He can have a front to back if you want. Seek, you're the pilot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm inclined to put it at the prow. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like a security thing in battle. We would not use this actually, because you want the hall to be.
Mike Sackton: Why is it?
Tim Sackton: Apparatus is in the back. Okay, we could decide this later, for now we can assume that we have a
Mike Sackton: exit point that doesn't involve flying.
It's
Mike Sackton: you glitch that whole sentence.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just said, this isn't something we need to discuss right now. Yeah. So we come out of the ship.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
what are you doing? And
Tim Sackton: give me a brief description of. I'll be to deal.
Tim Sackton: There's like a crowd of 30 people standing here waiting to speak with you.
Mike Sackton: So Dallas
Mike Sackton: strides confidently out of the ship.
Mike Sackton: sort of dressed in his his armor, his denoquy style.
Mike Sackton: sort of metal and hide and weather armor with blue and yellow highlights
Mike Sackton: with his shield swung over his back. But no other obvious weapons, as always
Mike Sackton: has
Mike Sackton: shoulder length. silvery hair pulled back
Mike Sackton:  confidently striving forward and
Mike Sackton: yelling out a greeting and sort of motioning for the 2 we rescued.
Mike Sackton: and saying, We've we've you know, calling out immediately that we? We are returning their lost
Mike Sackton: We have come to to return their lost travelers. And
Mike Sackton: you know, we come in piece and sort of a few other flowery bit. Yeah, nature. What?
Tim Sackton: What language?
Mike Sackton: That's a good question.
I'll not
Mike Sackton: do. They common, I guess, unless they seem to not understand.
Tim Sackton: They do not seem to understand.
Mike Sackton: I will try Dentic. As soon as like. I'll agree. This is, they look blankly. I'll try Dental Kwai.
Tim Sackton: that the wine woman
Tim Sackton: definitely understand. But if that doesn't seem, I'm not going to waste time. Then if that doesn't seem to work, I'll just cast tons. Okay?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'll speak identically, partly because I want to identify the the one, the person who
Mike Sackton: and make it like intentionally make it clear. I speak right.
Mike Sackton: But then, if they don't seem to all speak data qui as well, I'll just immediately. I'll just pause right like I'll say something, and I'll then cast the spell, takes a few seconds around, and then repeat the greeting. Now that they can all hear
Tim Sackton: Eric, let's seek you're doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The secret strolls down the ramp
Eric Rosenbaum: gazing around interestedly
Eric Rosenbaum: absent-mindedly rolls up the sleeves of his
Eric Rosenbaum: Tolwen red robes, and he's also kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: nibbling on what appears to be a tiny ice sculpture that he's made representing the Frostrian's fortress.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's like biting off like turrets and collars and stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: crunching on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, lingering side effects.
Kate Sackton: Wrist risk would also
Kate Sackton: drives down the ramp easily and looking about for
Kate Sackton:  familiar
Kate Sackton: members of her race. And she's she's pretty wet looking, cause she had to do a quick douse to get off the stomach acid but you know she always goes into battle, with her braids tied and her
Kate Sackton: and her armor in great condition. So a quick rinse she's
Kate Sackton:  looking fit, if soggy.
Kate Sackton: and of course it's cold. So. looking a bit frosty
Eric Rosenbaum: well
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  Shifted his armor to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): match the dress of people here, sort of bundled up and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): furlined sort of greens and whites to blend in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): raises a hand to the halflings and reaches out telepathically to offer a greeting. Hello! In halfling to them.
David Kong: Kenza. So so one thing you know, when the drop bridge lowers, I feel like like in my imagination I was like imagining. This is like the ultimate, the cool like group shot.
David Kong: You know, it's we're all standing like. So like the the thing lowers. Then we can all see us like kind of standing in our head cool like superhero poses, and that's like when you take the you know group shot
David Kong: Kenza. Kenza is very content to be in the back, you know, he's like this is, he's a little out of his helmet. Hey? How? What's the how temperatures Charton?
David Kong: Tim Gardens like San Francisco?
David Kong: Yeah. And this is like really fucking cold. Right? Yeah. So so Kenza is like very out of his element this whole, you know, being up in the I mean, you know again, he's a fucking monk, so it's like the cold doesn't bother him from a temperature perspective. He's just like.
David Kong: you know, like not used to this type of environment. And so he's content to sort of chill on the back a little bit. And he's really observing like he's just gonna soul cite like, really kind of study the energy of everybody, but he's very content to, you know. Kind of be in the back and let let everybody else figure out what the hell's gonna go on going on here.
Tim Sackton: So as you all descend, and and the 2
Tim Sackton: elk people that you freed kind of run past you and run into the crowd, and there's like hugs and and greetings.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton:  The the woman, the the Denoca woman.
Tim Sackton: kind of exchanges significant glances with
Tim Sackton: 2 others of
Tim Sackton: very tall, white-haired, white, bearded man. wearing thick.
Tim Sackton: furs, bushy eyebrows, probably in his mid-sixties.
Tim Sackton:  at least 6 foot 4, 6 foot 5
Tim Sackton: pick like burly guy
Tim Sackton: and then also standing nearby him.
Tim Sackton: an older woman looks almost
Tim Sackton:  almost sort of. There's like a a a bird bird, Birdie Vibe to her like she's kind of
Tim Sackton: a little bit withdrawn and and almost drunken.
Tim Sackton:  She has wrinkled eyes and sort of almost like a beak-like nose. And
Tim Sackton: despite her apparent age, maybe
Tim Sackton:  maybe you know 50 s. Or 60 s. Her hair is like jet raven black
Tim Sackton: and sort of mid length.
Tim Sackton: sort of to the middle of her back.
Tim Sackton: and she's wearing a black cloak of
Tim Sackton: decorated with raven's feathers.
Tim Sackton: And this this woman in the front. glances at them. And then
Tim Sackton: you you, Kenza, would notice for sure, paying attention to everybody. There's kind of like a subtle nod.
Tim Sackton: and she steps forward
Tim Sackton: she introduces herself as Yota
Tim Sackton:  having heard you speak.
Tim Sackton: Denn, Ok. Just sort of addresses
Tim Sackton: dealt with, and also kind of
Tim Sackton: glances at you all, and is sort of taken aback slightly by the species diversity represented here.  Looking up at your ship
Tim Sackton: and seeing Alger kind of you know he's curious. He's got a he's got a book out. He's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, taking notes, basically in this massive book the size of a person.
Tim Sackton: And he's looking. He look and peers over, and he yells down in in dwarven make sure they speak up so I can hear
Tim Sackton: for the records, you know.
Tim Sackton:  Yoda interviews as a staff.
Tim Sackton: She says that she speaks for these people
Tim Sackton: and wants to know what business you have here. bringing less dangerous creatures and
Tim Sackton: potentially devastating attention to their camp.
Tim Sackton: And while she thanks you
Tim Sackton: for the
Tim Sackton: return of 2 of their kind who were lost.
Tim Sackton:  she is not.
Tim Sackton: She's she's clearly like nervous about your presence.
Mike Sackton: This is the dental clay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder which creatures she's referring to.
Mike Sackton: Probably the frost giant.
Eric Rosenbaum:  yeah, that makes sense.
Mike Sackton: I will so deal with will step forward and
Mike Sackton: sort of start, I think, by
Mike Sackton: trying to be a little bit reassuring.
Mike Sackton: Or sorry, she said, bringing danger.
Kate Sackton: Well, should we point out that we admire and understand? They've lived by stealth, for
Kate Sackton: you know, as a way of life, and we should
Mike Sackton: offered maybe flyership way high in the air or something. We're marking this spot with a big old target.
Mike Sackton: Deal with those sort of start by
Mike Sackton: apologizing for any danger they may feel and try to get a sense of
Mike Sackton: what danger
Mike Sackton: are they concerned with? Does our ship's presence?
Mike Sackton: Tracked attention! Are you afraid of who we bring.
Tim Sackton: She kind of
Tim Sackton:  glances, glances back again.
Mike Sackton: You're now speaking tongue. So right.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The the old man. The old man steps forward and and sort of in an angry way, and kind of
Tim Sackton: almost
Tim Sackton: not pushes their aside, but, like clearly has been, you know. realizes he can understand you, and is, is kind of pushing forward and saying.
Tim Sackton: we've been hidden since the year turned.
Tim Sackton: The dragon that's flown overhead has not marked our camp, but he will have now.
Tim Sackton: it may be only a matter of hours.
Tim Sackton: This is what you bring. Do not know how to live in these lands.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: we should rest and prepare. Then
Mike Sackton: Is he? Are you sure you've been seen?
Oh.
Tim Sackton: I sure must be visible for a hundred miles?
Mike Sackton: I turn back and wave my hand over the ship.
Mike Sackton: and it vanishes into forests and a hill.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: she looks back. He looks back at. How does a neat trick?
Tim Sackton: Perhaps your descent was not marked.
Tim Sackton: How long will this disguise last?
Mike Sackton: That's a good question. 24 h till tomorrow. At this time
Tim Sackton: kind of relaxes a bit.
Mike Sackton: dealt with all project. We we did not mean to
Mike Sackton: draw attention. We only wish to return your
Mike Sackton: lost lost souls.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: indeed, I thank you for that
Tim Sackton: kind of sighs and and like looks back.
Tim Sackton: What does loosener terrain do to the?
Tim Sackton: It hides people right? So like the job. Everybody who's in your
Mike Sackton: Jeff is now, it is now like, looks like they're behind the trees. Yeah, basically.
Mike Sackton: But it's
Mike Sackton: it's not.
Mike Sackton: It's not mobile. So if the ship moves, it moves out from
Mike Sackton: right. It's not like attack. It's
Tim Sackton: it's a fixed area.
Mike Sackton: And actually, I'm not sure. Honestly, I don't know how you wanna rule it. Conceptually. I don't necessarily know if it's intended to hide people.
Mike Sackton: it might.
Mike Sackton: It would be plausible to say that it looks visible.
Mike Sackton: It would probably look like the giant was standing on the top of a hill. Now. right right right
Mike Sackton: like it doesn't. It doesn't make the people vanish right? It's intended to make it the train
Mike Sackton: look different. Not to make the people
Mike Sackton: so, I would imagine, like the giant is now standing there at the top of a hill, and, like everybody else is already inside the ship, so you would see them. But the giant would still be there. Right, I mean II will like shout up for him to like duck down, stay hidden
Tim Sackton: long, as I can still hear. This is important for posterity, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: 100 and 50 foot cube is slightly smaller.
Mike Sackton: Is it to to
Tim Sackton: Your ship is 200 feet long.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the dimension corner to corner?
Mike Sackton: I would argue. It's probably plausible to just let it work. I didn't actually work. I think we actually let it. I think I let you do it in
Tim Sackton: in Vena. So yeah, I think it's fine. You do it diagonally. 150 foot cube. The diagonal dimension is gonna be longer than either.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how long?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? Yeah. So it doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: Well, 150 squared, plus 150 squared the square root of that
Tim Sackton: you can do the math.
Tim Sackton: It's close enough to 100 feet to work
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: sorry he was in the middle of some saying something.
Tim Sackton: You may as well comment.
Tim Sackton: Catch your breath and tell us your story, anyway, for now
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know what the night will bring.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: thank you for that. You have
Mike Sackton: eased my mind. Dealt with will also sort of we must at least wait to ensure. We have not brought danger to you.
Mike Sackton: If we have.
we would
Mike Sackton: feel obligated to help you defend yourselves from it.
Mike Sackton: or I look at with the whole village fit in our ship.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, definitely. It's like 50 people
Mike Sackton: or flee if needed.
Tim Sackton: You could fit a few 100 people in your hold, if not for a super long time, but
Mike Sackton:  I will also look over to the then a quiet woman right once, once you sort of calm down, I'll I'll kind of gesture for everybody to come, although I don't know if anybody else can
Mike Sackton: who they can talk to, although obviously well, we can talk to the half links. I'll gesture to. I'll sort of
Mike Sackton: ask the denoquy, woman, you are far from home.
Tim Sackton:  While this conversation is happening, Welby has reached out to one of the vet
for
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: you see, kind of they look like
Tim Sackton: siblings, maybe like in their thirties, a brother and sister
and
Tim Sackton: one of them. They're but they're dressed the same way as everybody else. They're wearing animal furs they've got
Tim Sackton: the the woman has like furs kind of braided through her hair.
Tim Sackton: what looks like, maybe the tail of a squirrel, or something like that, or some other
Tim Sackton: bushy, coated animal. The brother
Tim Sackton: is wearing
Tim Sackton: like a thick fur cloak, with a hood pulled up over his head that has fox ears on the hood. They step forward, and one of them says telepathically, to you,
Tim Sackton: We see so few of our cotton
Tim Sackton: brings you to these woods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was gonna ask the same question if you. We're headed downriver
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all the way to the sea, if we can make it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seemed like this was a better way to go than kind of sail straight into Ersk head-on
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): about you. What brings you here? This is a long way from our people.
Tim Sackton: Yes, and now
Tim Sackton: some of our kind have lived with them. Bar gone for many generations now.
Tim Sackton: long, long ago. almost back as far as the stories go.
Tim Sackton: we are here before them. Actually.
Tim Sackton: when our people sailed the green Sea before the humans even spread.
Tim Sackton: We met them.
Tim Sackton: and we've been friends with them since they crossed the mountains.
Tim Sackton: It is a
Tim Sackton: usually a good life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Usually, then, it doesn't involve hiding from dragons all winter long
Tim Sackton: the the the other one chimes. In
Tim Sackton: the past
Tim Sackton: the past few
Tim Sackton: generations have not been easy.
Tim Sackton: and the past couple winters the worst. Yet
Tim Sackton: there was a great dragon that attacked last winter
Tim Sackton: reached as far as Ersk. drove many of us
Tim Sackton: into hiding.
Tim Sackton: and though it was killed by the wizards.
Tim Sackton: think that open the floodgates, so to speak. There have been more dragons this winter than I can remember my 35 years, and in my
Tim Sackton: grandmother's and her mother's time.
Tim Sackton: or since.
Lim frost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where the dragons coming from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess I can communicate with anybody. But I say telepathically that
Tim Sackton: you can. You can speak all languages.
Tim Sackton: But isn't this a conversation that this is telepathic? That's right. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are the dragons coming from.
But please suddenly fix the task.
Tim Sackton: The North
Tim Sackton: Bim Frost's mountains.
Tim Sackton: It used to be that
Tim Sackton: frost giants protected this whole forest
Tim Sackton: no longer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why not? We are left to hide?
Tim Sackton: That was
Tim Sackton: many, many years ago.
Their ancestors say.
Tim Sackton: Bjarne Frost was mighty warrior and king. and a noble spirit.
Tim Sackton: Since his death.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: There has been chaos and upheaval
Tim Sackton: that was my grandmother's grandmother's time.
Tim Sackton: but we still hear the songs of those days
Tim Sackton: flying through the forest.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: when you shift.
Tim Sackton: you feel the memories of the fox.
Tim Sackton: There's a strange and wonderful thing.
Tim Sackton: but now we hide.
Tim Sackton: and I feel we may now have to leave quickly. Perhaps
Tim Sackton: you're so frustrated
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): room, maybe to evacuate you. But then again. maybe we just kill the dragon, and it solves it, at least for a little while.
Tim Sackton: I would be impressed indeed, if you could do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you, too, but you never know until you try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do all of you shift here then
Tim Sackton: most
Tim Sackton: not all
Tim Sackton: dark-skinned woman, the newcomer. She does not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't known any of our people to shift. Have you always done it? Is it a thing. You learn
Tim Sackton: something about the magic of this earth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, really that telepathically to the rest of the party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as your go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are there like monsters that are like coming to this plane through like other weird portals and stuff like isn't like the whole like. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the first part of the campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're like summoning circles, and we're demons like kind of bringing like creatures from like other planes, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the whole pandemonium thing is that like we're kind of worried about like stuff from like pandemonium coming here because of busto. Is that like a thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there? Is there like when he says, like, Oh, the dragons are like coming from the north, and they just like birth, more dragons. Or is it like weird that we clarify that like? Is it like weird that there's like more dragons? Or is it like
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting? Well, they bread right? Probably nobody knows exactly where they live, or if they travel in planes they probably do.
Mike Sackton: The story we heard the other day was that Vim Frost had thousands of spawn right that
Mike Sackton: get in that used to be held in Czech.
Eric Rosenbaum: But aren't anymore right? What are what are they looking for like when they come to raid down here? Do they like just kill people treasure. They eat things like, what do they? What do they want?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know
Tim Sackton: you have no idea
Mike Sackton: at? Do these people know we could ask them
Tim Sackton: you could ask them. So
Tim Sackton: cutting back to
Tim Sackton: to Darweth, speaking with Yota
Tim Sackton:  when you say you are far from home, she says.
Tim Sackton: She looks like, not confused, but like slightly sort of
Tim Sackton: disturbed, puzzled a little bit and
Tim Sackton: and kind of turns to you, and asks.
Tim Sackton: you've come from far away yourself, I presume.
Tim Sackton: What is happening in the outside world?
Tim Sackton: What year is that?
Mike Sackton: 1749? Is that right?
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: 17
Mike Sackton: 49 by the drankorian reckoning.
Mike Sackton: Well, presume for Meta.
and
Tim Sackton: you are in the
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say
Mike Sackton: how they track years. I'll I'll then re repeat. II never made it up. They probably don't use. Well, deal with will say 1,749 in the Jacquard reckoning or something, as your people track the years
right?
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: So it was only
Tim Sackton: 2 years ago I was taken from my people.
Tim Sackton: Thought it was longer for some reason
Mike Sackton: taken.
Mike Sackton: How did you deal with the Linkard share right. How did you end up?
Mike Sackton: Who are you taken by?
Tim Sackton: Don't remember.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Mike Sackton: Do you remember
Tim Sackton: fighting
Tim Sackton: a warlock of of
Tim Sackton: undead creature of some kind?
Tim Sackton: I thought I had died
Tim Sackton: till I opened my eyes, and this cold forest
Tim Sackton: to caribou nudging me.
Tim Sackton: who turned to people when I open my eyes
Tim Sackton: term Weeks, I thought I had died
Tim Sackton: and was with the tons somewhere.
Tim Sackton: I learned later. That was not so.
Mike Sackton: but these people do not reckon time in any way that
Tim Sackton: I could track.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it was centuries. 2 years.
Tim Sackton: Everybody I know must still be alive. If I could get back home somehow.
Mike Sackton: You remember nothing from the moment you fought to the moment you awoke here.
Tim Sackton: Yes. big dreams sometimes.
Tim Sackton: Nothing I can describe just a sense of unease and a shadow
Mike Sackton: that was kind of Dods.
Mike Sackton: We are
Mike Sackton: unfortunately not going back towards your people
Mike Sackton: anytime. Soon
Mike Sackton: I would
Mike Sackton: offer you a ride.
Mike Sackton: maybe quite some time, and quite dangerous path before we return.
So what are you doing?
Mike Sackton: That was kind of size. A little bit.
Mike Sackton:  We are
Mike Sackton: speaking knowledge.
Mike Sackton: but the knowledge we seek at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Present side quest
Mike Sackton: is It's hidden in the
Mike Sackton: cities of Ersk.
Mike Sackton: So at the moment we are seeking away to enter that place.
Mike Sackton: if not
Mike Sackton: safely, at least not
Mike Sackton: suicidally.
Tim Sackton: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: laughs a little bit.
II know little of those
Tim Sackton: wizards.
Tim Sackton: From what the Vargolds say.
Tim Sackton: That may be a tall order.
Mike Sackton: I'll just point back at the ship that is now hidden under a illusionary mountain.
Mike Sackton: You faced tall orders before
Tim Sackton: you should speak to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Sorry. Looking for a name. 2 Torsten and
Zarai.
Tim Sackton: They may know more.
Mike Sackton:  Deleth will thank her, and sort of we should
Mike Sackton: happily speak more with you later.
Mike Sackton: if it would comfort you. remind you of home. Feel free to join
Mike Sackton:  Join me
Mike Sackton: this evening or tomorrow on our ship.
Mike Sackton: There's a small shrine. Some of the taunts you there that I
Mike Sackton: maintain. At times
Tim Sackton: she looks kind of surprised.
Tim Sackton: an Alph maintaining a tansy shrine. This is unheard.
Tim Sackton: I saw your armor, and I was not sure but
Mike Sackton: I was
trapped for
Mike Sackton: some time
Mike Sackton: in a place I
Mike Sackton: will not speak of with the Tanchi called Yazali.
Mike Sackton: but we were bound together there in a way that I cannot fully explain.
Tim Sackton: Gazali, one of the Maslati.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Same fact.
Tim Sackton: Dad.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I freed them. Fact, the shrine is tooth and mesmanti.
Tim Sackton: She looks kind of up in awe.
Tim Sackton: You are truly a miracle bringer
Mike Sackton: that was hotel, basically. Say, the elves.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm kidding doesn't really do that.
Mike Sackton: Actually, no, he doesn't. I can't decide.
Tim Sackton: So, as this conversation continues, and the rest of you kind of
Tim Sackton: are walking down into the camp kind of looking around. People are, you know, everybody's kind of gathered around. Curious?
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of kind of relaxed a bit after the
Tim Sackton: apparently tossed in the big guy with the white beard you know, kind of settled down slightly when the ship vanished.
Tim Sackton:  just kind of.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: Looking at you
Tim Sackton: can see this. I mean this campus. Clearly not. I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's clearly they've been hiding from a dragon right like it's not the fan. It's not in great shape. It's not, you know. Everything is kinda
Tim Sackton: it looks cold. There's like hardly any fires, and all the fires that are there are all kind of banked. There's
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: it's not.
Tim Sackton: you know.
because people aren't starving.
Tim Sackton: but it's definitely been a rough couple of years, and everybody's just kind of looking slightly in awe, slightly surprised, slightly puzzled, slightly
Tim Sackton: shocked, as you all begin to move into the camp.
you so what's everybody doing? Da?
Kate Sackton: What time of day is it at this point right?
Tim Sackton: 2 30 in the afternoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It said,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do a couple of things, one just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like broadband soul site, everybody, any any notable
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like anything unusual. Anybody like standing out. That's like a little odd, you know. Is every any anything like ordinary and same thing like commute with nature. Just do kind of a diagnostic of the people and places around here.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: twerves doing anything. I'm just chilling
Kate Sackton: trying to decide
Kate Sackton: whether
Kate Sackton: I as well be said. Do we need to get ready for a dragon to swoop down at any minute? Or are we gonna be able to sleep tonight and deal with it in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like we might be more of a target than the village
show.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we don't understand what the dragons are after. Still.
Mike Sackton: So let me learn about that. We should talk to these
Mike Sackton: 2 people. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): II agree
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whether or not the ship is hidden right now, if the dragon was paying attention, it saw the ship come here. It's coming here. If it comes here, it's going to see the village, I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: the villages
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hidden from a casual glance, not hidden for someone purposefully looking for it right here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like II think we should treat this thing like it's on its way already.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should move the ship, probably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragon. That's one thing. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): II just don't think there's anything that's gonna stop it from coming here again, if it was paying attention to the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what are they trying to eat? People like? Why would they come here? Where's the dragon interested in.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's how do these people make a living? They're hunters, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: or fur traders.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, they trade monster parts, they hunt. They
Mike Sackton: is this, while Dela still talk to the dental quay, or are we all back together?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Mike Sackton: did I? Just why are we talking about this with them? Did I miss something we should. We should talk about that, though
Eric Rosenbaum: II was wondering if I should do stone sense just to see if there's anything valuable lying around like if they have gems.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember exactly what I can do with that, though I have to look it up, and I can never find it
Tim Sackton: so. Okay, well, while you're
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of all reconvening slightly in the camp, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: senses. So a few things that Kong that Kenza notices from just kind of communing and and reaching out. When is that?
Tim Sackton: So there's definitely something strange, not strange in a bad way strange in a way that you've not experienced about this for us, like there is some kind of primal energy running through here, running along this river. The cat, which is not far from you. It's, you know.
Tim Sackton: 15 miles to the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: you can't really explain it. Almost what it almost feels like is
Tim Sackton:  So you know, as a lock-in monk you trained in the Lock-in monastery, and you had, you know, youth.
Tim Sackton: have some knowledge about these like extra planner.
Tim Sackton: weak points. And you've like traveled through the dream world. And you have this sort of feeling about
Tim Sackton: oh, wow!
Tim Sackton: You know the the all these layers of the spiritual realms and the sort of higher dimensional space that you can travel through. But here it's like they're all kind of
Tim Sackton: collapsed in on Talgar itself on the material plane. It's almost like. because
Tim Sackton: it's like, it's like more talgar than anywhere else that you've been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  as I've been soul-sighting and just observing this, the people here, is there anybody that strikes me as somebody that yeah, my intuition strikes me as somebody that would be good to talk to you about this particular set of phenomenon like anybody that looks a little, you know.
Tim Sackton: So the
Tim Sackton: so what's okay. Here's the other thing. That's strange is you're soul-stating everybody.
Tim Sackton: everybody. pretty much everybody who you are sort of looking at with your soul site. In your sort of soul vision. They look like animals.
Big guy with the.
Tim Sackton: you know white beard is a bear. The woman
Tim Sackton: with the black cloak is a raven. Even the 2 halfling. One looks like a fox.
Tim Sackton: the other looks like
Tim Sackton: like
what's the word? Like a marmot like a
Tim Sackton: you know, weasel type like medium sized
Tim Sackton: 30 mammal sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: you see
Tim Sackton:  And as you, as you're sort of looking around.
Tim Sackton: you have this weird sensation that there's there are a few people
Tim Sackton: where it's almost as if part of them is outside their body. Part of their soul was like somehow separated from them. And you see, like a
Tim Sackton:  man who's got a chickadee perched on his shoulder. And it's
Tim Sackton: when you look at him it looks almost like his soul is split between him and the chickadee perched on his shoulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just for like intuition, etc. like, is there somebody that looks just strikes me as somebody that's kind of a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like friendly looking that just looks like would be what if I went and and talked to them
Tim Sackton: so? The 2, most the 2 most powerful people like just in terms of raw strength. Yota! At the dinner guy and parsed in the the white haired Bear dude are definitely the by far the 2 most strongest people in the
Tim Sackton: village. They're like. yeah, you know. Fifth Level, roughly.
Tim Sackton:  you know, in terms of friendly vibes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II don't know. Is there anything specific you're looking for like I just wanna like like I mean is, if the bear dude looks like reasonably friendly. I'll go talk to him.
Tim Sackton: I mean, yeah, he was.
Tim Sackton: Th. This is Thurston. This is one of the 2 people that you just said talk to, and you know he's you get the your vibe from him is not so much friendly, but like really protective, I mean, and he's now that he's assessed you not to be a threat, and he was very impressed with that was magic.
Tim Sackton: you know. Certainly you get the sense he would speak with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we don't have to role play it. But like Tenzo, will go and talk to him, and in particular, curious, or where we can role play it. But just curious about about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this phenomenon that he's filling there.
Kate Sackton: so are we separately, having multiple conversations
and
Kate Sackton: getting back to each other in a little while. Is that what's starting to happen?
Mike Sackton: Well, I thought, we all regrouped after the separate conversations. I'm I sort of think at this point you're all kind of moving into the camp.
Tim Sackton: You know. Kenzo's moving to talk to to Torsten.
Tim Sackton: Everybody can join him, or you can go off and do your own thing. It's sort of up to you, but there's not
Tim Sackton: like people are starting to disperse a little bit. Everybody has to take care of their chores, and, like, you know, get dinner ready and stuff, and
Tim Sackton: you know, torsed in, and and
Tim Sackton:  Zora.
Tim Sackton: the the bear and the raven
Tim Sackton: are.
Tim Sackton: you know, Yota's going to introduce you to them, and and sort of facilitate a conversation if you want to have one. Kenza's obviously moving that direction. But if somebody wants to go explore the camp, or
Mike Sackton: now I'll I'll go with Kenzie. Talk to or talk to theplings like.
Tim Sackton: you know you're not constrained to all follow Kenzo. But the scene that's sort of happening here is you've introduced yourselves. You're sort of been marked as not a threat
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker will activate the stone sense since valuable, or I think it's called
Eric Rosenbaum: and just wander off. Look at the the fringes of the camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: partly wonder, looking for like, are there functional buildings meeting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, this is where they render the iceworm bat, or whatever like. you know, I'm saying the non-dwelling buildings
Kate Sackton: wrist. One's gonna okay. that on a stone and pray, and
Kate Sackton: cast bells to heal herself and restore magic slots and things, so that if something bad comes swooping in the sky she's not limping around all soggy in it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can take a short rest during your sort of conversation, so you can roll hit dice, and do any
perfect staff.
Kate Sackton: She she trusts that deal with well being. And so we're being good ambassadors, and she'll hear about it later. So she's gonna deal with the creeks
Tim Sackton: awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we want to do 2 things. One is chat with the half links and try and get as much detail on this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragon as possible. If there's some particular one to get a sense of like. Is this little baby dragon? Is this the great big bad Dragon? Does it have any missing scales on its belly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But then the other thing is, I have a question about memory of the ancestors for halfling, so I would love to spend some time
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going deep and trying to figure out like, what is the lore? What's the back story of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): halflings being here, or is are they part of the halfling memories at all. So the question cause I don't think I've used this thing for a couple of years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have 5 slots for this. Does that mean on 5 separate occasions. I can add A. D. 6 to history role. which is more or less useless, since I'm not proficient, or can I stack multiples of those on top of each other.
Tim Sackton:  it's
Tim Sackton: you know. I don't know that I've ever decided that, but I think it's not.
Tim Sackton: I think I think it makes more sense for the
Tim Sackton: you can add, Wendy, Sis.
Tim Sackton: you have 5 attempts. You can't add 5 d. 6 to one history role.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is the thing that makes sense. But I'm gonna try pitching you. It doesn't have to be history.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right? On the other hand, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, fair. But also, I mean there's an argument to me made that says, you know, the the more experience and proficiency grows, the deeper the ability to delve and dive into that history gets you get more skilled at going into that.
Tim Sackton: So just from a Dd, I mean, this is totally a homebrew ability, but from A. D. And d mechanics point of view.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): adding 5 d. 6 to a roll is like super broken. That's true. The dye would grow instead of you'd add multiple dice to it right? It would. If you, if you wanted to do it that way, it would be like a the mechanical effect you're actually after. That was not to roll.
Mike Sackton: 5 d. 6 is to take 20 or something like that. It's to be able to burn all of your usages, to actually learn something deeply rather than
Mike Sackton: to right. It's like you should be able to, I don't know. Take an hour and meditate with your meditate with your memories, to
Mike Sackton: take a 20 take 5 usages and take a 20 on one history check, or something.
Mike Sackton: or something fuzier than that. Learn an interesting fact that is otherwise unknowable.
Mike Sackton: some something of that nature that is slightly not captured by the mechanics.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: that's what I would argue. I'd say. 5 t. 6 is totally broken from a Kim mechanical perspective, but burning all 5 of them. To do. An interesting meditation with Laura
Mike Sackton: is not mechanically broken, and you should let shorts do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's that's the sort of thing that I'm looking toward. Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  sure.
Tim Sackton: I think certainly in in this.
Tim Sackton: I think. Well, look, I think in this situation. It's totally fine. because it's just interesting to let you meditate on this stuff. I can't promise that
Tim Sackton: every that I will. Definitely
Tim Sackton: this isn't. This is just a ruling. For now this isn't like permanently changing the ability.
Tim Sackton:  okay, so sorry. What do you want to learn?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know you want to talk to them about the dragons. But then I think it's about the history of this place like how the halflings became something other than just vanilla halflings.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, so let's go back to
Tim Sackton: conversation with
Tim Sackton: Torsten, and Zora dealt with, and
Tim Sackton: Kenzo for a moment, and then I'll come back to seeker and and well be
Mike Sackton: also
Mike Sackton: kind of hang back to start. And what Kenzo kind of take the lead on this conversation about the weird stuff.
Mike Sackton: But as soon as the conversation turns to practical matters. Deal with wants to step in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kelsey's gonna make sure it stays weird the whole time. Alright. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's really weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  And you know greets what's his name again? Fair Guy
Tim Sackton: Torsten is the bear. Guy Zora is the Raven woman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so you know Kenza Kenza agrees them and and says, You know, after some introductions. says,
you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent. I traveled
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: much of Talgar, and I'm a student and  a communer with nature, and I find that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's something very special about this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  as you might guess in our journeys we've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: travel to many distant lands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both in this material plan, but also in other places as well. But Fay wild
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beyond
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this place. kind of kind of gestures around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  it's beautiful in a way that I've not seen or experienced.
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm wondering if you can share more about what's going on here, and almost feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like all of the other energies and dimensions that exist somehow here are compressed or contained, and there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a very special energy here. And also I again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I'm always
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing my best to tune into the natural phenomenon of a place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of you seem to have some kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connection with the wild here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see you, you know, torched in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all of you have a very special connection, almost with an animal of some kind, a bear, a raven, a fox.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm wondering if you can share more about the phenomenon here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of my one am. I see
Tim Sackton: he kinda looks down at Kenza. I mean, this guy is oh, he's definitely tolerant.
Tim Sackton: and he he smiles this big smile when you start talking
Tim Sackton: and and looks over it at at Zora
Tim Sackton: And not quite realizing what language he's speaking in, or you're speaking in just knowing that he can understand you.  I would not have guessed
Tim Sackton: you've only been in art, and he's I can't do it like deep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bumbling voice, but he's talking in a deep, rumbling voice. He never would have guessed that somebody
Tim Sackton: who has spent so little time in our country could see the Tsaria.
Tim Sackton: it is remarkable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is aria.
Tim Sackton: We're animal protectors. This is really their home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mmm. Amazing.
Tim Sackton: You can see them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can account. Wow!
Tim Sackton: Welcome them! That must be a sign.
I'm
Tim Sackton: perhaps you are destined to come here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are no coincidences. I've learned that a long time ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then how did you all develop this special connections with your with the animal protectors?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can we get what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you can multi class into a Druid?
Tim Sackton:  yeah.
Tim Sackton: Does Aria have lived here for
Tim Sackton: I don't know how long
Tim Sackton: forever. Maybe
Tim Sackton: our legends speak when we cross the mountains
Tim Sackton: and turn east and traveled through these forests
Tim Sackton: of the Zaria, protecting.
Tim Sackton: They were our first protectors, according to our myths.
Tim Sackton: long, long ago.
Tim Sackton: They chose us.
Tim Sackton: We have grown with them ever since.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this a ritual or something that happens
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when you're young, or
Tim Sackton: he kind of laughs for a moment, and this like sort of belly. Laugh.
Tim Sackton: do, don't.
Tim Sackton: don't! Don't ask these questions of
Tim Sackton: Eric. how he'll talk here and there off about this aria for
Tim Sackton: hours, days, if you let him.
Tim Sackton: It is so unusual for an outsider to be interested in our religion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm very curious.
Tim Sackton: Of course it is a
Tim Sackton: I mean, there are rituals, yes, prayers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: many things that we do, but
Tim Sackton: everyone is born with a protector. That is what we believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So everyone can see it. Hansa, at this point. Kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bolts is is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his sleeves over to like, reveal, reveal the tattoos of a you know kind of the parts of Mattubota. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, these 2, these 2 this jaguar this like living jaguar, and, you know, kind of dragons start and animating on its body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know, he says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, too, also have animal protectors. But this was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was a different journey, I suspect, than what you all experienced.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I feel a great kinship to what you're describing.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, that is beautiful.
Tim Sackton: We do not have the art of such
Tim Sackton: dancing inks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps this could be a gift.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And a more peaceful time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are some wonderful artisans that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I'd be delighted to introduce you to.
Tim Sackton: For us. There is no need to mark our protectors in such a way when they inhabit us, and as he says that
Tim Sackton: it begins to grow bigger.
Tim Sackton: and his form begins to shift into this massive polar bear.
Tim Sackton: and he, like leans up and kind of gives gives kids a like a little like you know friendly gesture with his nose. and then he begins to shift back into a human
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He had to keep this whole conversation really weird, just to just go on.
connect.
Mike Sackton: So as as Kenza is discussing the Zaria.
Mike Sackton: go ahead, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Let let me cut over to seeker, and then I'll come back to this jump in. So, Eric, as seekers wandering around the outside of camp, just
Tim Sackton: you know, with this sense
Tim Sackton: sense, or of just.
Tim Sackton: you know, trying to see, trying to get a feeling of the land. Really make a nature check
Eric Rosenbaum: 25.
Tim Sackton: So I mean. the ground is frozen.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's cold, right? It's in the winter there's ice.
Tim Sackton: and you don't sense any
Tim Sackton: or or
Tim Sackton: even stone anywhere nearby.
Tim Sackton: As you kind of walk around the outside of the camp, you
Tim Sackton: you very quickly as you get into the trees, like the tents, begin to vanish and
Tim Sackton: mean. This is
Tim Sackton: this area is designed to be camouflaged. It's not. it's not, gonna you know. defy close inspection as well, we said, but you know, certainly. and there isn't. There's no permanent structures like this is definitely a
Tim Sackton: place. a camp that could be disassembled and moved.
Tim Sackton: You know, if enough of these people are
Tim Sackton: elk, or bears, or any other sort of somewhat large animal.
Tim Sackton: they could probably pack up and carry this camp
a
Tim Sackton: in a few hours. There's no stone structures, there's no permanent construction. There's no
Tim Sackton:  But as you're walking, you also kind of get the sense like this is not a.
Tim Sackton: you know these are not.
Tim Sackton: There's probably not only 50 margoled in the entire forest, and
Tim Sackton: these are probably not among them.
Tim Sackton: Is there any kind of storehouse of their.
They don't seem to have any monkey parts
Eric Rosenbaum: they do have.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean.
they don't necessarily have to
Tim Sackton: trade or have any money right. They just survive by hunting and foraging.
Tim Sackton: But like, as I said, they're not, I mean, they're not malnourished, and you know, on the edge of starvation. But like this is not. This is not like a well fed camp. This is not
Tim Sackton: you know, this is clearly
Tim Sackton:  They're clearly struggling.
Tim Sackton: I mean. They're clearly sorry, not exactly struggling. They're definitely not rich. They're not like they're not.
Tim Sackton: you know, stocking monster parts and trading them. They probably don't bravo super far except to hide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: like, that's that's kind of your your vibe of this place. But yeah, there's nothing
Tim Sackton: valuable that you can find. There's nothing permanent. There's nothing. Everything is just wood and and leather and easy to disassemble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Tim Sackton: The one thing they do seem to stock a fair bit of is charcoal.
Tim Sackton: I burn it inside the tents for warmth, and then
Tim Sackton: winter, or just turn into animals, sleep
Tim Sackton: So, Welby, talking to
Tim Sackton: halflings.
Tim Sackton: So you're asking them like, what do the dragons want?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what is the direct one? What's the dragon like? Is there one particular dragon who's coming here? All that? There's a there's what looks like
Tim Sackton: I'll say there's like 6 halflings that live with this particular tribe, and you know they introduce themselves. They they sort of talk a little bit about
Tim Sackton: like the halflings are kind of scattered around. There's many small groups of humans that live in these forests. Halflings travel with them. Some stone born to to the stone born have come
Tim Sackton: more recently.
Tim Sackton: like in the past generation, and they think they're mostly refugees from the mountains.
Tim Sackton: But the halflings. I've traveled with the humans for many, many, many generations, and they, the halflings, tend to move around like.
Tim Sackton: you know, every generation will sort of switch switch camps.
Tim Sackton:  there is one dragon
Tim Sackton: that's been
Tim Sackton:  frequently patrolling the the cat
Tim Sackton: just north of here. And
Tim Sackton: normally, the this group would be
Tim Sackton: moving west.
Tim Sackton: but for the past
Tim Sackton: 6 weeks or so they've stayed put out of fear of the dragon. They'd spotted it almost every evening and some mornings in the distance. You didn't
Tim Sackton: see any dragon this morning, so
Tim Sackton:  Possibly it wasn't out
Tim Sackton: but at least so far it hasn't seemed particularly interested in
Tim Sackton: coming south of the cat.
Tim Sackton: so they're not quite sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it hasn't. It hasn't like searched intensively for them. It's just out a lot, and so they don't wanna be on the move.
Tim Sackton: there is a series of like low hills on the north bank of the cat that it's probably tends to hang out in it's not a it's not the biggest dragon like
Tim Sackton: everybody has heard rumors of the massive ancient white dragon that attacked
Tim Sackton: Ersk last winter.
Tim Sackton: and this is not that like
Tim Sackton: it's not. It's not a baby.
Tim Sackton: It's not like one of the sort of ancient outer dragons.
Tim Sackton: As for what the dragons want. nobody really knows
Tim Sackton: a lot of II mean.
Tim Sackton: obviously a thousand dragons aren't surviving on like whatever random animals happen to
Tim Sackton: dumble into the far northern mountains. Although some people think
Tim Sackton: white dragons eat ice.
Tim Sackton: there's plenty of ice.
Tim Sackton: Maybe seeker in the way. Dragon can like bond over some ice consumption. But also, like
Tim Sackton: the the Hofflings, say white dragons are not
Tim Sackton: at least the ones that they've seen, and the ones that are sort of rumors and the songs from their their their memories.
Tim Sackton: These are not like sophisticated.
Tim Sackton: These are not the dragons of war. They're not, you know. tricky, sophisticated creatures with complicated plans.
Tim Sackton: They're just angry beasts. and they come
South in the winter.
Tim Sackton: probably because more the stronger, more powerful drive the younger and weaker out of their homes like. It's a fierce competition among the
the
Tim Sackton: white dragons of the far North, and every now and then, when will
Tim Sackton: arise that's stronger and more intelligent and
Tim Sackton: clever, and with a more cunning plan.
Tim Sackton: and of course Vim Frost was the most famous and deadly of all of them who
Tim Sackton: organize the dragons into, organize the whole army of white dragons into a massive dragon, conclave to attack
Tim Sackton: attacks on Bara. but
Tim Sackton: most of the ones that come South are not like that. According to these half ones, they're
Tim Sackton: raw and angry, and just
Tim Sackton: nobody quite knows what they're after. Maybe they just like seeing things frozen.
Tim Sackton: Maybe they just enjoy the sight of field of humans turned to ice statues.
Kate Sackton: Do they eat the frozen ice tattoos?
Tim Sackton: Nobody really knows.
Tim Sackton: Barry. Nobody so survives long enough to see what happens to the ice statues.
Tim Sackton: They either run or they die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the idea is maybe in the hills north of the river, this dragon. They see the dragon returning to some point repeatedly.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: and it's basically just got them afraid and pinned down. And they're not. They don't want to move, because
Tim Sackton: might see them and kill them.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't seem like it's it's not like.
Tim Sackton: you know, coming. It's not like searching for happiness or anything like that. at least as far as I can tell.
Mike Sackton: If you
Mike Sackton:  I want you to ask me something.
Mike Sackton: What were you
Mike Sackton: as well be done.
Tim Sackton: Let's let's jump back to to Torsten, and then we'll
Tim Sackton: Bobby wants to do his fancy
Mike Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: as as the conversation with
Mike Sackton: set kind of Kenzo
Mike Sackton: winds down a little bit, or it's clear Kenza was just kinda now talking
Mike Sackton: by, you know, just to just to just to keep the weird this quotient high right, dell dell for kind of at some point
Mike Sackton: start asking a few sort of pause a little bit like does
Mike Sackton: a few practical matters. II wonder if you could help us with
Mike Sackton: and he'll start by saying.
Mike Sackton: sort of apologize again for bringing notice to their village
Mike Sackton: and ask if there's something
Mike Sackton: specific about this track. I mean, I guess it's mostly the same information we just got from the half links. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: they also kind of repeat that same sort of question around.
Mike Sackton: you know. Is there anything this guy has to add?
Mike Sackton: But why they're afraid of this? Are they trying to go somewhere, are they blocked?
Mike Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: so that's the first question. Yeah. So I mean, normally, they would travel
Tim Sackton: normally, they wouldn't spend quite so long in one
Tim Sackton: place like, you know, it's difficult. They're running out of food like
Tim Sackton:  And normally they had. Normally, they would travel west
Tim Sackton: into the
Tim Sackton: sort of west and north into the kind of sort of upper part of the Cat River Valley.
Tim Sackton: But they don't. It's not so much that they really care where they would go just that.
Tim Sackton: They don't wanna
Mike Sackton: stay here right?
Mike Sackton: Secondarily, our dragon parts valuable here
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: did did they know? I mean, second question would be about trade with Ersk, and and you know other
Mike Sackton: which are the creatures that are seen as most valuable valuable parts of a dragon.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: first, and
Tim Sackton: you know, he goes on to this sort of
Tim Sackton: long rant about Ersk.
Tim Sackton: They
Tim Sackton:  It's hard to follow exactly the details, but apparently there's some.
Tim Sackton: So so the people of Ersk are not.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They have not chosen to to
Tim Sackton: befriend the Zaria. They're not
Tim Sackton: they're cut off from the protectors, as he puts it. they've turned to Arcane magic to survive in this land, and is, you know.
Tim Sackton: many of our people. In the bad days after Bjarn Frost fell.
Tim Sackton: fled south.
Tim Sackton: little to turn to what the wizards of Ersk.
Tim Sackton: They have some blood right that gives them great Arcane power
will, and
Tim Sackton: but the people who have sought their protection. Well, they're like you.
Tim Sackton: It can't
Tim Sackton: summon their spirit protectors any more.
Mike Sackton: Deal with will
Mike Sackton: some of the spirit protector.
Mike Sackton: One of his links is
Mike Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: are those? II mean, actually, out of an honest curiosity like, where's this rant rides winds down? I've been been wondering if the Surrey, or anything like the
Mike Sackton: Taji, and sort of brings forth one of these links.
Mike Sackton: Do I have any sense
Mike Sackton: like as part of that? I'll also try and ask the tauntie like, do you guys know
Kate Sackton: I'll I'll ask them. I can contact them, or ha! Or have
Kate Sackton: oh, my gosh! He looked at
Kate Sackton: while you're doing your thing compared to how the people are doing their thing.
Kate Sackton: I'm sorry I'm very tired.
Mike Sackton:  I'm actually gonna like as part of doing this, I'll say a prayer to them, and like literally
Mike Sackton: ask the tanchi, are you related to the to the area?
Kate Sackton: But, Kenza, you should be watching him and his links while you watch them. Or maybe you spend some time watching, dull with in his links. Anyway, like similarities and differences
Tim Sackton: from Kento's point of view. They're not
Tim Sackton: similar.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the answer from the touchi is distantly.
Tim Sackton: distantly related.
Mike Sackton:  I mean, that will explain something of the dodgy as part of this, and like have a little religious conversation with this guy?
Mike Sackton:  but also then
Mike Sackton: sort of go back to the
Mike Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: these folks does say
Tim Sackton: so there are Vargaldi who trade with Ersk
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: yes, dragon parts are valuable, and
Tim Sackton: if we could kill a dragon that would be wonderful.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton:  several.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, so what are you trying to learn? Specifically?
Mike Sackton: if it would be. would would it be valuable to go kill the dragon because it would double our stock of cool parts to sell to Ersk.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Yes, dragon parts are definitely valuable.
Mike Sackton:  I mean, I'll hint that maybe like, do they have anything that would help us kill the dragon? I'll like sort of. I don't wanna promise him just yet that we're gonna go hunt down the dragon, but like.
Mike Sackton: if we did, do, they have anything that could help?
Tim Sackton: If you
Tim Sackton: feel capable of taking on a dragon? No, this is not a
Tim Sackton: this is not like a powerful camp, right? Like the 2 strongest people in here are like
Tim Sackton: 4 fish level.
Tim Sackton:  they would be very overmatched by a dragon I'm not really looking for like
Mike Sackton: like do they have
Mike Sackton: knowledge of the dragons patterns, or somebody who could cast the supportive spell that would last long enough, for like not not like, do you have 3 warriors who would help us in combat per se? But more just what resources does the village have
Mike Sackton: that I mean, the answer might be, not but like, what resources if if we did volunteer to go destroy the track? So I mean, they've watched that right. It tends, they can tell you it's it's patterns.
Tim Sackton:  There, I mean.
Mike Sackton: person is still nervous that the dragon saw, even if it was just sitting
Tim Sackton: quietly in its. you know, wherever it's hiding out in the hills it may have seen where the airship landed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so he's still nervous, and he, you know he's pretty nervous about
Tim Sackton: the whole subject of the dragon, and like it's pretty like
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, great that you're talking about killing it and asking our dragon parts. On the other hand, like. you know, you can see him considering and like maybe we really should try and flee.
Tim Sackton: He's not sure
Mike Sackton: right?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: wellbe now is trying to reach back into the past of the halflings and kind of get a feel for the land and
Tim Sackton: a vision of
Tim Sackton: who these happenings are, and how they ended up here.
Tim Sackton: and and what you see is, you kind of reach back
Tim Sackton: into the past.
Tim Sackton:  Just expending your  Bob.
Tim Sackton: expending your expending your use, your ability to sort of perceive the history of your ancestors. Do you see? You see
Tim Sackton: 3 sort of flashes of of
Tim Sackton: images of of Laura.
Tim Sackton: And the first you can tell is very long ago, because the image is almost.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like the memory itself is frayed and faded. And it's
Tim Sackton:  And you, you've experienced this when you were younger, sailing on the green sea like halflings, have been sailing on the green Sea for
Tim Sackton: forever. Basically like this was a. you know, this was kind of one of the things halflings did as soon as they were created by the first ones is
Tim Sackton: travel the green sea.
Tim Sackton: But the image that you see is
Tim Sackton: small ships landing on a rocky coast
Tim Sackton: and halflings.
Tim Sackton: If anything, kind of hindered spirits to yourself
Tim Sackton:  just wanting to see what was
Tim Sackton: across the next mountain range.
Tim Sackton: and deciding to go and look for themselves.
Tim Sackton: And then, as they and another image, a flash.  again, the world
Tim Sackton: still feeling
Tim Sackton: young in a sense.
Tim Sackton: traveling
Tim Sackton: through the forests.
Tim Sackton: the the the land less dangerous than you feel it is now.
Tim Sackton: and learning to speak with animals.
Tim Sackton: and asking them their stories and sharing
Tim Sackton: the songs of their people.
Tim Sackton: And then.
Tim Sackton: just time passing.
Tim Sackton: And again you get the sense that
Tim Sackton: this was all like long ago, like even before humans came like before. certainly before drank or before. You know. the Empire started spreading anything like that.
Tim Sackton: But humans did come.
Tim Sackton: Humans much like
Tim Sackton: the people
Tim Sackton: that you are talking to now, the the Vargold.
Tim Sackton: and they
Tim Sackton: also somehow learned to speak with the animals, and brought with them some
Tim Sackton: divinity of some kind.
Tim Sackton: They brought with them animals within them animal spirits, animal gods.
Tim Sackton: and they learned how to
Tim Sackton: kind of ask those animal spirits for protection, and the humans made the animals stronger and the animals made the humans stronger.
Tim Sackton: and as they settled and traveled in the land.
Tim Sackton: the Hofflings.
Tim Sackton: where
Tim Sackton: curious.
Tim Sackton: and so they learned the magic shapes of them that seem to lie heavy on this land, some unusual
Tim Sackton: power, some unusual
Tim Sackton: strength of that particular magic from growing from the humans and the spirits that they brought with them.
Tim Sackton: and sometimes some leave and sometimes new halflings come not. Everybody stays forever in this land
Tim Sackton: and over the generations the newcomers become
Tim Sackton: simulated and learn.
Tim Sackton: and over time those who leave
Tim Sackton: lose them
Tim Sackton: spirit.
Tim Sackton: That's their story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a strange to be in such an old place that's not touched by like any
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of the history of any of the stuff we've done so far just his own North Yup.
Tim Sackton: the North.
Tim Sackton: Strange North. So at this point
Tim Sackton: you all reconvene
Tim Sackton: at like 4 in the afternoon. Something like that.
Tim Sackton:  to plan and
Tim Sackton: discuss.
Tim Sackton: Having taken a short rest, I would say, in the course of these conversations, and catching up the sun beginning to
Tim Sackton: stink low on the sky.
Tim Sackton: For us then.
Tim Sackton: and Yota, increasingly nervous and basically asking like.
Tim Sackton: we can pack up in 30 min like, What do you think? Should we stay, or should we run
Tim Sackton: by? Run? They mean getting your sky ship and fly away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Deal with. make me invisible. I'll fly up and take a look to see if the dragon's out.
Mike Sackton: Brilliant, Sharon. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I flap and bend all my keen powers of perception to look for dragons.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a perception check.
Tim Sackton:  okay, well, it's your minimum role, but it's still pretty good.
Tim Sackton:  let me just check one. Add some more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can inspire them if you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Roll that twice.
Tim Sackton: Yup, and take the bigger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's the 30 altogether
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 15 miles away.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Maybe 10 miles away. You can see the like glittering icy river of the cat.
Tim Sackton: and on the other side you can see these low hills they're still there are still forested, except for the very tops are sort of
Tim Sackton:  somewhat barren.  it's very far away. It's like
Tim Sackton: 15 miles away. Dragons are big, but they're not, you know.
Tim Sackton: the size of your ship.
Tim Sackton: but you think there's certainly something circling the mountains in the air. It's a little bit hard to say what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else could be circling the mountains in the air?
Mike Sackton: I mean, how fast can you fly?
Tim Sackton: You can fly closer.
Tim Sackton: You can find an hour a day.
Sure. I'll fly that direction for 15 min. I'll whip out that spyglass
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that I keep around. Oh, yeah, it's definitely a dragon. Yeah, I'll fly back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right quick. So is it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is it circling over there? It's it's a having this. What's it doing? What?
Mike Sackton:  Alright.
Tim Sackton: it's so. It hasn't turned
Tim Sackton: south yet. It's clearly like it looks like it's it kind of looks like a like a vulture soaring at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Our dragons, nocturnal or diurnal. do they sleep?
Mike Sackton: What does I mean? Obviously these people should have some idea of when the danger from the dragon, the dragon is most active. This particular dragon.
Tim Sackton: active like in the it's like crepuscular. It's most active in a couple of hours around sunset and a couple of hours around sunrise.
Tim Sackton: but I guess a sense that often just sits on the hills watching.
Mike Sackton: How fast does it? Why.
Tim Sackton: I mean, dragons are pretty fast.
Tim Sackton:  let's see 80.
Tim Sackton: So it's faster than our ship. Can we actually run it or not?
Mike Sackton: I don't know. That's my last question.
Tim Sackton: Have to look at my notes
Mike Sackton: being a 10 miles an hour. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But you can. You can like
Mike Sackton: it depends on on how much exhaustion you're willing to risk. Right? You can do like, you know, super, that's speed. 85 10 miles an hour is 14 feet per second.
Mike Sackton: which would be 80, a speed of 84 in. In combat turns 14 times 6
Mike Sackton:  actually, it's 14.6 6 feet per second.
Mike Sackton: So it's it's like it should be a speed of 90 ish
Tim Sackton: probable.
Drop it.
Mike Sackton: cause I'm thinking.
Tim Sackton: why don't these folks all pile into the ship now?
Tim Sackton:  yeah, you would go slightly faster than the dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if, instead of that. what if we pile into the ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and go after it? Exactly better defined in the open? Then it's layer absolutely. But when to be better to do that in the morning?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: some of us do. We fought the ice thing this morning?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Basically use a bunch of spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): His will be Zalithat, which is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like. If the dragon had noticed the airship earlier in the day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it would be coming here much more directly now. Yeah, it's not, as far as we know, this sort of cunning thing that would like, oh, I'll do my usual pattern, but throw them off before I get down. Like
Mike Sackton: II think the theory here would be. have these folks all pile into the ship
Mike Sackton: right, because if it comes at us in the night. We just want to run
right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, then, since plan or attack to go kill it
Mike Sackton: dude when it's least active.
Mike Sackton: and it's not dark out, and we can see, and we have our sixth level spells back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but how do we like? But then we've got like a whole village. We're trying to protect. They they we go out of the ship once we go after it.
Mike Sackton: Where do we? Where do they go? Here? They just go back to here.
Mike Sackton: He offered to pack up their whole village in 30 min.
Mike Sackton: Wait. So we're gonna have them pack it up and then unpack it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what if the act of packing it attracts the dragon attracts the attention? There's sound. There's the dust, bloom or
Mike Sackton: snow, or I mean
Mike Sackton: th. The problem is, if it comes at us in the middle of the night.
Mike Sackton: then if they're not packed up.
Mike Sackton: I guess we could just try and draw it off and fight it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think we're good till morning. I think we set a watch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We stay on the ship. If it comes at us in the middle of the night
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we'll see it coming, and we go engage it on the show.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think also, we can propose these plans and ask the the people here what they prefer? Because at the end, how about that? We we will. Why don't we offer to go kill the dragon for them in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yes, or if they're nervous, they can get on the ship now, and but look if they if they feel
Mike Sackton: if they if they feel like, they can quietly sneak onto the ship without the thing noticing. and would feel better sleeping on the ship tonight, such that we can run
Mike Sackton: what? Let's invite them on board. Let's invite few of them on board.
Mike Sackton: Let's invite the leadership and then give them the option like, let them decide. And we're gonna present. Guys tell me if I'm getting this wrong, basically a
Mike Sackton:  we're gonna contribute.
Mike Sackton: Oh, can they turn into animals like birds
Mike Sackton: that fly faster than the dragon and go scout to make sure it's not coming towards us.
Tim Sackton: Some of them can.
Mike Sackton: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, wait! And what's the range on telepathy
Tim Sackton: unlimited?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we still have, can we still can Schwartz, or somebody still like just like scout them, and just like, give us a heads up everything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we do? We have like a little way to do that, like animal messenger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or something similar, but
Mike Sackton: but also
Mike Sackton: we could telepathy with one of their animal, one of them as and I mean the problem with animal messengers is probably not gonna fly a patrol pattern for us. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Go faster than a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right? Let's ask them. Let's ask them what their preferences. We're gonna invite them on board.
Mike Sackton:  we will. We will basically tell them. Look, we've talked.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna go kill the dragon.
Mike Sackton: but we need to prepare. We need to recover our spells.
Mike Sackton: We actually killed a
Mike Sackton: ice creature this this morning, right? Which so like, you know
Mike Sackton: it's not quite as simple as just
Mike Sackton: going killing a dragon this evening. We we really need to rest before we do it.
Mike Sackton: If they're more comfortable.
Mike Sackton: We think our ship, based on, based on some complex calculations that our dwarf, an engineer has done.
Mike Sackton: can can outrun a dragon.
Mike Sackton: and so, if they're more comfortable
Mike Sackton: sleeping here overnight.
Mike Sackton: such that if it comes on us we can flee. We could do that. We also, if they will keep watch and give us a little bit of warning. If the dragons coming.
Mike Sackton: if it does come for them in the middle of the night.
Mike Sackton: we're not just gonna flee by ourselves. If they're not on the ship, we'll go fight it
Tim Sackton: at Tarzan. Looks around and looks at Zora, and and you're done. and Yoda speaks and says
Tim Sackton: we've watched it for many weeks. Now.
Tim Sackton: if it's gonna come, it's gonna come in the next hour
Tim Sackton: or before sunrise.
Tim Sackton: unless it's trying to trick us, but I doubt that
Mike Sackton: bye
Mike Sackton: we could take a long rest. Kill it before sunrise.
Tim Sackton: I think it would be safer for us to be on your ship. If you feel
Tim Sackton: you cannot protect us. If it came in the next hour
Mike Sackton: I'll walk back to this. Everybody. How prepared are we to fight a dragon in the next hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Forgive me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So some of us are not.
Mike Sackton: I mean did, but if it comes, it comes. But we could run.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm not in my best shape, but I can handle it. I did a short rest, and I'm back to do you still have high, level spell slots.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I just don't have my sixth level. I still have a seventh level slot, and I still have fifth.
Mike Sackton: I can't get my 6 level slot back without short rest. Why don't we run that? I mean a long rest?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we take the whole village? And just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, just move like a farther distance.
Mike Sackton: Well, that'll probably, I think fleeing would attract the dragon
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton:  II mean, could I? Could we fight a dragon now? II guess I mean I could get back my normal spell slots just by resting.
Mike Sackton: I don't have other long rest things I can't use my. I can't use my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rod that lets me get back a spell slot so I can't cheese do 4 spell slots, but let's prioritize getting a long rest somehow.
Mike Sackton: So II think a long rest would be
Mike Sackton: a better choice if we can. But.
Mike Sackton: like seeker, you're down slots to right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, not great.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's let's get the long rest. II think we we
Mike Sackton: I think we
Mike Sackton: what we need a half. If if they can give us a half hour warning, that would be great.
Mike Sackton: We can also get up early and go fight it
Mike Sackton: before sunrise.
Mike Sackton: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  fighting a dragon right now would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were 3 rounds in the combat last time. Sorry?
Mike Sackton: I think so. Yeah, I think you're good. You use 2 fifths and a fourth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I just marked off the fourth annually. So
Tim Sackton: I I'm not
Tim Sackton: scared. I'm a dragon, but it's fine.
Mike Sackton: I mean, whatever
Mike Sackton: we are naturally fearful it's like. It's not a very scary dragon.
Tim Sackton: I was. As I was saying earlier. you have to reconstruct how strong you are.
Tim Sackton: A single adult dragon is an easy encounter for 5 to thirteenth level adventurers.
Mike Sackton: Let's find out. I mean alright so. But look, we can. You can do no, you do what you do. What makes sense to you? Yep.
Mike Sackton: I don't. I'm not saying we necessarily run if it comes for us in the next bit of time.
Mike Sackton: But it seems safer to plan with some contingency.
Tim Sackton: Right? Okay. So everybody begins to pile onto the ship and The
Tim Sackton: I I'll guard is like
Tim Sackton: that's a lot of people.
Tim Sackton:  Have any of you seen my sister.
Tim Sackton: she would look like me. But a woman
Tim Sackton: could you tell me, if you have, please?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's the kind of guy that texts in all Cap lot of capital errors.
Tim Sackton: Do do you understand me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is the guy that's gonna bring the dragon on us. Yeah, I'm gonna tell him to stop yelling.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I didn't think you could hear if I didn't yell. Your ears are so small.
Tim Sackton: If I whisper like this, is that better? It's almost worse.
Kate Sackton: It will be. Yes, that's better. I
Tim Sackton: I have not spent so much time with such little people.
Tim Sackton: are we? Good?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're great.
Mike Sackton: we are.
Tim Sackton: I will write this all down.
Kate Sackton: Everybody begins to pile into the ship, they are inevitably
Tim Sackton: brought face to face with the motley crew.
Mike Sackton: Did I catch every joint? That's right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton:  ketchup actually has been also like scouting a bit.
Tim Sackton:  comes has has been flying around and just lands, and he says
Tim Sackton: to to well be.
Tim Sackton: or to all of you. Whoever's nearby.
Tim Sackton: you know there's a dragon coming right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): coming towards us now, or coming towards us later.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if it's coming towards us crossing the river.
What
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I appreciate the heads up that's that's good to know right now
Eric Rosenbaum: this is fine.
Kate Sackton: Should we
Tim Sackton: run?
Tim Sackton: I don't want to fight a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't want to fight dragon. You don't want to find a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where can we run to and like? There's the problem with the running is, when do we circle back and fight it? If everyone stays below decks, if everyone stays below decks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the hallucinatory terrain covers us all. We're invisible
Mike Sackton: now as previously. Oh, below, Dex. Yes.
Mike Sackton: there's just a giant frost giant. It doesn't fit below decks.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't fit below decks.
Mike Sackton: but close. Let's just fight it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right now, right now with our currents. I thought the whole, we're didn't. We're right now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you got a short rest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we could. We totally have it? Everyone else stays below decks. Because if we run, then we you know, maybe the Dragon
Mike Sackton: honestly, ship ship or something, not gonna be that useful against the dragon?
Mike Sackton: My guess. Yeah. Just guessing hooks up would be. It's immune to fire ice damage.
This is your opportunity
Tim Sackton: to see how I perform in battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you've got to focus on something else. You can't be concentrating on this ship.
Tim Sackton: But what else am I gonna do
Eric Rosenbaum: do you have? But you've got fire magic, don't you?
Eric Rosenbaum: We might need firemagic against this thing.
Tim Sackton: He like looks up at his stone bird. Show them what I taught you. That's right. Yeah, you can do it.
Tim Sackton: No, I promise they're not gonna laugh. Philip. They'll appreciate it. They just said they want fire magic.
Tim Sackton: the bird like flies, and gives us like little spurt of smoke.
No, nothing can be
Tim Sackton: pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: everybody applaud.
Eric Rosenbaum: see completely. But
Mike Sackton: II would save that for something smaller than a dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Small dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna need a fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We try to do it flies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We fly
Eric Rosenbaum: so mechanically, Tim, is there some advantage to my not being attuned.
Eric Rosenbaum: or to be in charge of the ship? Concentrate on this.
Tim Sackton: if you want to use any of the ship's actions. You have to concentrate on it. Oh, and then I can't use a concentration because you can't use a concentration spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: A. So let's see
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just like not 100% sure, if it's worth it or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: because most of the the attacks that I might use that are worth using
Eric Rosenbaum: against the dragon.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the dragon is essentially a hundred percent going to be immune to ice damage
Mike Sackton: like, there's no way a white dragon is attracted to cold. Yeah, we hit it. We have to hit it with fire somehow.
Mike Sackton: or neither ice nor fire right? But
Mike Sackton: oh, is it immune to fire damage, too? No, no, no, no! Like Stabby. Damage will hurt it.
Mike Sackton: It's not like it's immune to stabby damage right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a technical D term.
Mike Sackton: Yes, technically piercing, I think would be the term we're looking for.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I was gonna propose we leave the ship on the ground and just fly up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Agree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could shoot daggers of ice that it'll just eat
Eric Rosenbaum: points. I mean, we can make the ice shield thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: which I'll at least temporarily like.
Mike Sackton: but I don't. I think we? I don't see I would be worried about the people.
Mike Sackton: My feeling would be that the people here I don't really want to drag them all into battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Let's fly the ship up.
Mike Sackton: but we will fly off of it, but if you weave it here, it's still under the. It's still under the hallucinary train.
Eric Rosenbaum: cause that's better. You're saying
Mike Sackton: it's probably better than a ship just flying in mid-o midair.
Mike Sackton: See, I think we go after the Dragon. We leave Fuldrick, and we tell him that if we don't come back to run away, I'm just trying to find a version of this plant where secret
Mike Sackton: is on the ship, though, because there's a version of this plan where I can make Speaker risen and deal with, able to fly, that we can fight the dragon
Mike Sackton: flying around
Eric Rosenbaum: unless somebody else wants to make. Why happen?
Mike Sackton: The main strategy here is to spread out so it can't rest weapons all at once. right, and then try to kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So everybody's piling onto the ship. The camp is rapidly disappearing.
Tim Sackton:  you know, everybody is grateful a little bit like
Tim Sackton: disturbed by the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: almost looking at Kenza like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I actually gonna see a dragon?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, no, no, you're gonna stay in the ship under the hidden thing.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: The giant is like
Tim Sackton: I guess I'm just gonna sit here on top of this hill and hope the dragon decides it doesn't want to attack me today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you're also gonna help protect all of the civilians. If it does. If we somehow died, you're gonna help with that. They say the pen is mightier than the sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can throw your pen at it.
Mike Sackton: You do have a large pen, throw a book, too. They're big. It'll hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to hide somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Have you noticed that I am rather large?
Mike Sackton: No, it slipped my mind. II will try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Our our ears were too small to notice.
Mike Sackton: These very small eyes don't see as well as yours. That makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't confuse him. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I will try.
Tim Sackton: The camp is now almost gone.
Tim Sackton: Fraudrick's like. you know.
Tim Sackton: fluttering around as everybody is like this huge crowd of people descending on the ship like.
Tim Sackton: is there space for everybody like
Tim Sackton: let's get them stowed. You might have to fly. Nobody hanging off the edge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, our crew is helping. We've instructed, manage, get everybody settled and feeling comfortable and stuff. And
Tim Sackton: and this is taking about half an hour, and at this point all of you can clearly see the dragon growing bigger. not particularly fast like it seems like it's just sort of curious like.
Tim Sackton: who was that thing. But I saw
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe, Kenzo, you're right. Maybe it is friendly.
Mike Sackton: unlikely, but it might not see us. Well, it's gonna see the giant. Probably
Tim Sackton: the giant was now like lying down among the trees, like incredibly obvious, like clearly trying to hide.
Mike Sackton: Ha! Ha! He's invisible
Tim Sackton: Giant.
Mike Sackton: But however, here's the problem. I can't do invisibility and fly. So the fly is, gonna the invisible is gonna have to go away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, we said in ambush. We put ourselves in between
Dragon's path, and here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when it gets close enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we strike from below hopefully. And then that's a good idea. How close is it?
5 miles?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it'll help us to get a surprise round in, obviously
Mike Sackton: like the idea here would be to go
Mike Sackton: a mile towards it, right, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: or a little bit less.
Mike Sackton: Hide in the snow
Mike Sackton: right, and then fly up and attack it when it passes, when it passes over us, with the idea that the
Mike Sackton: invisibility would go away. Once we're off the ship, so it would be flying towards the Dragon. The giant.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems good in principle. What's the
Eric Rosenbaum: move? Speed with the fly? So 60.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go quarter mile away.
Mike Sackton: Now light a fire or something
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to attract it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Throw a tent up right quick, so it looks like there's something there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and set ourselves in ambush, for when it comes down to investigate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, that's not 5. The thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's good. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: love that. And just not even be flying necessarily. Or I mean, have fly available, but not
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. Have. Yeah have like available. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's talk. Jeremiah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, does anybody else want to be visible? So so sorry. Just before we do this I can make 4 of us invisible.
Mike Sackton: I mean, yes, but you know, 3 of us not include cause. Giant is one of them right?
Mike Sackton: Who else is invisible? 3 more. Raise your hand if you want to be invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter
Mike Sackton: raisin, raisin, and raisin. You're the bait. Sorry
Mike Sackton: that well be. You can hide on your own. The rest of us are invisible.
Mike Sackton: for now.
Mike Sackton: hey? And are any of them Druids who can pass pass can Cast pass without trace.
Tim Sackton: bye. Yes, but don't. They have to be with you?
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: I'm looking it up
Tim Sackton: radiates from you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that doesn't help
Tim Sackton: the range itself. Yeah, Tim, I'm gonna animate the ladder, using the glove of crystallized magic to apply the
Eric Rosenbaum: air elemental energy
Eric Rosenbaum: to increase its fly speed. Oh, but wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: hang on! This is maybe a terrible plan, because what is it's default? Fly speed is only 30.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the annoying thing about the animating performance.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, it's not gonna out, but
Tim Sackton: it's not gonna out. Well, it dashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
That gives it a speed of 80 right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not gonna outrun a dragon, but 2 people can ride on
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, okay, I'll animate the letter, and I'll do the air elemental thing just to try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do I take off those
Mike Sackton: one quick question? It would be very helpful if I had 1 min before the battle. when I
Mike Sackton: could drop between when I cast fly, and when I dropped in disability, do you think there's any doubt? Then I could get back a spell? Slot is all. I can have 2 spell slots going into battle instead of one.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's sorry I would not actually get back a spell slot. I would be able to cast my temporary healing temporary hit, point, spell and not have account as a spell slot.
Mike Sackton: It might have been worth it, though. like, do we want to stay invisible until the very last minute?
Mike Sackton: Or do we actually not care if we stand?
Mike Sackton: Let's get to the position and then figure it out. II think you're slightly over thinking it right now. You're just moving to
Mike Sackton: a camp. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  we don't need the river anymore. Like, are we trying to are some of us trying to ambush the dragon? Is that the idea? Yes, we're gonna set up a very like makeshift camp. A couple of quick fire pit and then get in hiding
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nearby.
Mike Sackton: But we're counting on. Well, be, you're gonna have to hide with your own hiding skills.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: everybody else is invisible except drizzwin
Mike Sackton: have to be the bait.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, she was literally swallowed in our last encounter. So that's the that's the trend right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Earlier, earlier today.
Eric Rosenbaum: earlier today, she got eaten once so
so she can get you again. So you got like a camp?
Tim Sackton: Or somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm still Tim, still a little choppy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
as it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell Isaac to go to bed.
Kate Sackton: 3 kids. Isaac's in bed.
Tim Sackton: Nathaniel isn't bad, Ed. I don't know why our.
Mike Sackton: That's so. Crap.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know why our Internet's so crappy tonight. It's your neighbors.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's yeah simple. Who knows?
Eric Rosenbaum: So you've got a campfire.
Tim Sackton: and you've got a tent
Tim Sackton: quickly set up.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Can we ride on the ladder? Can 2 of us potentially ride on the ladder? Is that what you're saying?
Tim Sackton: 2, one human or Alf, 2 dwarfs, perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it yeah.
Tim Sackton: And now it's the sun is setting. It's twilight, so everything's dim light
Tim Sackton: but still visible. Right, so not impossible to see, but it will help you hide, for those of you are hiding. So where is where is everybody?
Mike Sackton: Oh, sorry. We have a little 20 map. Don't worry.
Kate Sackton: Sitting by the fire.
just, you know. Move yourselves around.
Kate Sackton: Do we have any cover like? Is there also some rocks or anything. There's trees
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  editor of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, don't be next to each other. The idea?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, Richard, what if you're like? Right? Yeah. By the fire? And then we're all around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, those trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: those are tree dragons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But anyway.
Kate Sackton: you're fighting 17 dragons. Ha! Ha!
Kate Sackton: Campaign is over. We're talking about lose conditions before our 17 dragons. These are floral leaf spawn.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we've just flown in from the south pine trees. To me
Eric Rosenbaum: he really did robustly tail telegraph. Think the shape of this encounter in such a way that he could easily
Eric Rosenbaum: change it.
Tim Sackton:  okay. So
Mike Sackton: behind trees, folks
Mike Sackton: hide behind trees, folks who are currently standing wildly in the open.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What is behind me here? I mean, okay.
Mike Sackton: get near one, anyway. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I see the dragon?
Tim Sackton: II
Tim Sackton: you can now see the dragon pretty clearly in the distance.
Maybe
I don't know.
Tim Sackton: flying pretty high.
Tim Sackton: but definitely coming straight for the this fire, maybe 500 feet away.
Tim Sackton: 400 grid feet away
Tim Sackton:  300 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. Now watch out for the dragon.
Tim Sackton: Coming
Tim Sackton: down
Mike Sackton: clearly.
Tim Sackton: seeing Rizwin now maybe a hundred feet up.
Mike Sackton: rented, hidden.
Tim Sackton: Probably, Tom, I was initiative.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering whether we wouldn't get a surprise round if I wasn't hit. Now everybody else gets a surprise round
Mike Sackton: you. Just
Tim Sackton: right. Can everybody roll?
Tim Sackton: Stealth, check?
Mike Sackton: Do we actually have to roll stealth if we're invisible and behind a tree and not moving.
Kate Sackton:  I'll roll stealth
Tim Sackton: just for
Tim Sackton: 19. Illustrative purposes.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what illustrative purposes. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19
Mike Sackton: 13 stealth check.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: I mean, my presumption here is that there's some advantage to being invisible
Mike Sackton: and standing perfectly still and waiting for a dragon to appear.
Mike Sackton: If there's no advantage, why did I cast invisibility.
Tim Sackton:  hold on. I'm writing down
Tim Sackton: initiatives
Tim Sackton:  Well, the well, we went at fourteenth. Well, yeah.
Tim Sackton:  oh, my God, you guys are really bad for this motion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for both hands. Where did you roll for initiative?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn it! 10.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It is now about a hundred feet away.
Tim Sackton: Diving towards
risen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  you said. Dive in?
Beginning to dive towards. Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does anybody have charm? Dragon?
Mike Sackton: Nope, Petr dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pretty good animal handling
Mike Sackton:  You created your yeah.
Kate Sackton: I can have like, shatter storm ready, like, if this thing dives at me, can I bunk it on the nose
Kate Sackton: like? Is there a defensive reaction to being dive bombed clearly from the sky.
Kate Sackton: Seems like there ought to be.
Tim Sackton:  okay. So
Tim Sackton: the rules for surprise in D and D require that in order to get as
Tim Sackton: prizes around the
Tim Sackton: combatant combatant is not aware that combat is about to start. It's actually very difficult to get a surprise run. What hiding gives you is advantage. Advantage
Tim Sackton: now.
Tim Sackton: like you can't.
Kate Sackton: The way that surprise officially works. So I was right that I should have hidden, and he should have been just investigating a suspicious tent with a fire. Even that combat is about to begin, because
Mike Sackton: surprises combat. We weren't really aiming for a surprise round here, because it's very difficult to do that, because it's combat when one compatible is not aware they're in combat.
Mike Sackton: There's no way. The dragon is not aware it's in combat when it's diving. I was aiming for advantage on the first round of tax.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was aiming for surprise, but I could've told you that was
Mike Sackton: surprise is really ineffective. Somebody knowing they're in combat right? A tent wasn't gonna do it because the dragon is coming to attack the tent. Whether or not there's people in it.
Tim Sackton: In any case, as the dragon, it also affects the dragon right? It sees one little dwarf right? Maybe it's slightly cocky. It begins to dive down towards rizwin.
Tim Sackton: I think I meant the dwarf was cocky. Wellbe wins initiative. and you are invisible and hidden from it. It's not aware of you. So you attack with advantage.
Kate Sackton: It's now about 80 feet up in the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is a that should be a 24. Good enough.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 37. No, no, no. 27 altogether.
Mike Sackton:  wow! That was a terrible. That was really bad, yeah, or once, that's like, but you'll have advantage on it now. But you already did
Tim Sackton: strikes the dragon, and it turns around surprised
Tim Sackton: by this halfling. appearing and attacking it.
Tim Sackton: But does not change his mind as to what it's gonna do.
Tim Sackton: and that's not a roar.
Tim Sackton: And emerging from the ice and snow
Tim Sackton: you see, 2, like giant
Tim Sackton: snow
Tim Sackton: constructs
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: constructs made out of snow and ice. Appearing. Snowman.
Tim Sackton:  Like huge snowman
Kate Sackton: can I cast a spell? Magic!
Tim Sackton: They are going to act immediately after the dragon.  snow, ice and friendship.
Tim Sackton: You can always try
Eric Rosenbaum: Kate's. Kate's question is interesting. Is that a spell that could be dispelled?
Tim Sackton: No, it is not a spell that could be dispelled.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should be. I can do that, too. We should be more aware of those moments now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Light will solve those
Mike Sackton:  what was solves this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, if none of us are on the ground.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But we didn't do the flight. We did. We did invisibility, which I think was
Tim Sackton:  They each take
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: javelin like they just reach it into their backs and pull these like shards of ice off of their
Tim Sackton: their backs, and one hurls 2 of these shards of ice.
Tim Sackton:  That  resvent
Tim Sackton: raises the shield or something, you know.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 17 which misses and a 24.
Kate Sackton: What's right? That's my A/C,
Tim Sackton: okay? So that one hits
Tim Sackton: doing 22 points of piercing damage and the ice freezes around you, reducing your speed by 10 feet until the end of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: Oh, my gosh! Those are horrible roles! There will be
Tim Sackton: 12 and 15. I think that both those miss both, miss.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be dodges out of the way if those 2 ice javelins, as Kenzo
Tim Sackton: still invisible.
Tim Sackton: we have advantage on anybody you choose to attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still signed the dragon first.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the squared?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The dragon is immune to cold.
Tim Sackton:  Not immune to anything else.
Tim Sackton: Strength and constitution very high. Intelligence and dexterity fairly low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Currently. Just kind of mad.
Tim Sackton: hungry, angry. You're not really sure.
Tim Sackton:  but
Tim Sackton: that's the details on the dragon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  alright, yeah, I will. I'll attack the dragon. Should I kill dragon first? Right? Yeah, yeah, definitely alright. I'll go for dragon.
Tim Sackton: Well, the dragons, currently like 40 feet in the air.
Mike Sackton: Is it still moving, or is it turnover?
Tim Sackton: It's turn is over use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll fly over to it and start attacking it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to do I mean, II sense this personality is pretty lame, right? So I'm going to do some chrism up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Krishna was, yeah. intelligence and charisma are our our weakest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. I will do I will do some Boris tricks on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! If I charm the dragon, what happens to it?
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's not charm that's interesting. It's not a need to charm, so you can try and mess with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome. Alright, I will. I will! Staff attack it. Oh, so close to rolling a natural wait, but I get advantage. Right? So okay, let me do this again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23,
23 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 damage. And yeah, I'll see. I try to charm it.
Tim Sackton: That's a charisma saving throw? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 that fails. Oh, snap! Legendary uses lenders. If
Tim Sackton: what is what sorry, what are you doing to it? This is the disrupting strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on a fail, save the Creator's charm by you in the start of your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but it but it has a specific effect. It says something like, Yeah, well charmed in this way, cannot take reactions and must roll oned 4 and subtract the number of roll from all ability checks and attack folks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Tim Sackton:  okay, so it's not. It's not that it's charmed by you. It's that you've disrupted its aura, and it
Tim Sackton: has a harder time doing things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it is charged with my name.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's not the chip that that's just a
Tim Sackton: game shorthand to make it clear that creatures that are immune to charm are not affected by the disrupting strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it's not like it doesn't stop fighting. You cause it's your friend. It's just has this disrupting effect. That's just your first attack. You've got 2 more while you got one more plus 30.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that happened. So it's disrupted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful! All right. I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do a second attack with my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19, but I'll roll with advantage. See if I get a grip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21,
Tim Sackton: 21 hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9 more damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now I will do a bunch of unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, can I spend another key on one of the other, using using the other ones. You can only use one of those per term, but you can spend a key to do flurry of blows, and you can make 3 more attacks. Yeah, I'll do 3 more attacks.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's up next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice 29. Let's see if I get a credit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do not alright. So 29 hits. I do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another 12 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is my fourth attack 23 hits, but with advantage. Alright! Let's go to 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That does another 12 inch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then last attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  28 definitely hits. Let's see if I create.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I create.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what happens now with the grit? Just roll double the dice so, or whatever it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll say 40, 10, but 40, 10 plus 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, you double. You would normally do on the 10 CD. 10 plus 5. Normally, I do. 2D. 10 damage plus 5 is my damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, already built it in. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, it already did it. Okay, I see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Denzel flies up and just pummels on this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any way you could be on the other side of it?
Mike Sackton: Do you have enough move?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: How much move do you have?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have no idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm fast. I fly.
Mike Sackton: I mean, can you start all the way over here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somewhere near that
Tim Sackton: you have
Tim Sackton: Raven Whistall.
Tim Sackton: whereas Raven whistle, it's pretty fast.
Tim Sackton: It gives you like 3 times. Your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is my right. And twice you have a hundred foot move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can go on the other side.
Mike Sackton: What do you want me to be? Just anywhere outside here? Hold on
Mike Sackton: anywhere outside of the oop. anywhere outside of that circle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be like, right here.
Mike Sackton: that? Good. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Okay. You can get there.
Okay, at the end of your turn. It's gonna swing at you
Tim Sackton: with its tail
Tim Sackton:  minus one d. 4.
Tim Sackton: That's a 16,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is.
Tim Sackton: It's all right. distracted by your aura, and it ducks out of the way.
Tim Sackton: and you duck out of the way.
Tim Sackton:  God ends Kenza's turn seeker! You're out
Mike Sackton:  Wait! Did Rosenwin not get it turned
Tim Sackton: resident role, the 3 for initiative.
Mike Sackton: That's gonna be a problem. Can I switch? Can I switch spots with her?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton:  So I'm gonna climb onto the ladder. I was wondering about that circle you Drew. I just assumed, because I rolled a 5 that everybody was for me.
Kate Sackton: Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, can we say I was kind of already on the ladder, so so I don't need that action. To climb onto the ladder doesn't take you an action to climb on the ladder. It just takes movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? So now I can fly
Eric Rosenbaum: if I use the glove of crystallized magic to protect myself from an elemental damage thing like that trick. Does that actually prevent me from moving on this turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna activate it during this. No, it it prevents you from moving until the end of your next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if I'm on the ladder and it's moving. But I'm on the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that also? Am I prevent it from moving?
Tim Sackton: That's a good question.
Tim Sackton: No, I think you. I think the latter could still move.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the latter goes after you. So right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So me and the latter are gonna like fly up. I guess, like over here. I don't know. I'm on the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'm gonna use
Eric Rosenbaum:  ruin of psychic destruction which
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't add intelligence save which we think was low for this guy. But I'm going to use the glove crystallized magic
Eric Rosenbaum: to call on the Earth elemental power to protect me from  cold damage, presumably, is what he's gonna do. And so a crust of earth and stone encases me while I'm on the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: But so I'm doing that while I'm casting
Eric Rosenbaum: we're in a psychic disruption levels
Eric Rosenbaum: 6 fails. But he's gonna use a legendary resistance.
Tim Sackton: So he takes half damage.
Tim Sackton: So you're psychic disruption room goes off lasting
Tim Sackton: in his face, and he daggers back and and shakes off the effect.
Tim Sackton: bringing Rizman up next.
Kate Sackton: I feel that I can't really contribute to fighting a
Kate Sackton: flying monster without having flight myself.
Kate Sackton: so I'm moved to the far side of this monster come towards me, not away from here.
Mike Sackton: You're not going to be able. Never mind. I mean, I yeah, I might. I can pick you up
Eric Rosenbaum: if you can get to me.
Mike Sackton: I mean you can go. Do you have enough? You don't have enough move to attack that guy and then move over here, do you? You should cast a spell.
Kate Sackton: II just I do better Malay fire damage than I mean. I guess I could put these 2 guys in a wall of fire.
Mike Sackton: Can you cast a spell? You have no damage spells that you can cast the dragon? Maybe not.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I could do that instead. just really wanted to fight with fire.
Kate Sackton: I mean, you could go fight with fire. It's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not like it's vulnerable to fire. That increases the effect of it. Right? It's just
Mike Sackton: we don't normally have any reason to believe. No, that soul site told us it was no vulnerabilities, right?
Tim Sackton: The dry you saw sight of the dragon, who is not vulnerable to fire is just immune to. That doesn't mean the ice constructs aren't.
But if the rule is always by the big bad thing. First
Mike Sackton: you go fight the ice cuz just I could cast fly if you're standing next to.
Kate Sackton: But I think I'm gonna fight the okay. I think I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: do do whatever you're gonna do, just just do what you're gonna do go fight the cold construct.
Oh, I rolled something that I didn't need to roll. I was trying to check out what something did.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so where do you want to put the wall of fire.
Kate Sackton: If I'm gonna put these 2 guys in a wall of fire, I will put it.
Kate Sackton: That's what I was trying to check. Where's the
Kate Sackton: it can be pretty darn big a circle, right? It's like.
Kate Sackton: is the diameter. Change it? Just the damage changes not the diameter when it's a different level. That's what I was trying to check.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: a ringed wall 20 feet in diameter. So.
Kate Sackton: But it sort of do. Can I get a ring around the 2 of them. I'm bad at drawing these stupid shapes.
Mike Sackton: How big is it
Tim Sackton: 20 foot diameter
Kate Sackton: so a 10 foot radius
Mike Sackton: so it can't go around both of them. It can hit both of them from the outside potentially.
Mike Sackton: but it can't.
Mike Sackton: I can't encircle both of them. You can encircle one of them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're pretty fair.
Kate Sackton: Umhm.
Tim Sackton: that needs to be one square bigger.
Tim Sackton: That's 1, 2. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you can encircle one.
Tim Sackton: That blaming on the outside, too, if you want? Right? Well, yeah. Then, you gotta be careful about. You could put it around this tree.
Tim Sackton: If you're not encircling them, you may as well just make a line.
Mike Sackton: make a line and go divide the battlefield like this? Does both sides of the wine burn are only one side of the line, just one. You do that?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: is it? 45? Yeah, sure, I'll make a line keeping them on the tenth side of things. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: as long as it's right next to them, so it hits them both. That's really all I care about.
Kate Sackton: It can be 60 feet long, so make it 60 feet long, so they have to go around it if they have to go around it.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: that's 20 feet. So
Tim Sackton: like that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's good.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: And is my move still limited because of the thing that it did to me before.
Kate Sackton: What? Sorry! What did you say? It did something me before that limited my speed.
Tim Sackton: Yes, your speed is reduced till the end of your turn by 10 feet.
Kate Sackton: Okay. can only go 15 feet, so I can't get to deal with, no matter what.
Mike Sackton: Try and get out of the circle.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that that I'll do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did a friendship circle.
Mike Sackton: It's not a friendship circle. Get out of the circle. It's a death circle going on the other side of the tree. Okay.
Kate Sackton: cast my spell, and I
Kate Sackton: run away
Kate Sackton: to the other second tree.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so they need to both make a deck save when this appears, which they both fail. How much? That's a lot of bromance. Okay?
Tim Sackton:  how much damage those are! The giants.
Tim Sackton: Look
Tim Sackton:  Both of these ice constructs begin like water is starting to pour off, as this wall of fire appears next to them.
Tim Sackton: And that brings up before Darwin's turn. The dragon is gonna take another swipe at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton:  Actually, the dragons going to
Tim Sackton: beat its wings!
Tim Sackton:  Penzo, make a dexterity saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24
Tim Sackton: okay, nothing happens to you, but it flies 40 feet straight up in the air. So now it's about
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 feet above the battlefield.
Mike Sackton: Wait, do I get it? I'm not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: opportunity tech.
Mike Sackton: Yes, you get an opportunity. Tech oh, nice
Kate Sackton: moving turns out to be pointless. Or so that's okay. Yeah, I get that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the dragons high enough. OP. That I can't get the dragon and somebody else, anyway. So I may as well just just get the dragon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Opportunity attack. Let's look at advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yup, until the beginning of Robby's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Critical hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fucking cricket voice. Amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15 damage, though.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: try guys looking pretty hurt. Actually, alright, I'll cast some that
Mike Sackton: an optic static on the Dragon.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: And then I will move
Mike Sackton: 30 feet towards Riswin.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's an 18. I think that what's your DC, 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: what does synaptic static do? Does 27 points of damage?
Mike Sackton: And it has a minus one d. 6 on all of its attack. Roles, ability, checks, and concentration saving throws, or all of its
Mike Sackton:  all of it's
Mike Sackton: until it makes it can make an intelligent save at the end of each of its turns to try and end to that effect.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton:  that ends its turn. Well be or and still well, be, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Assume it's still within range for arrow shot?
It's like.
Tim Sackton:  your what's your short range a hundred 20 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's 80.
Tim Sackton: It's a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, no, I'll I'll use one with a longer range if it is actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: No, it's it's just. It's 75. It's exactly 75 feet from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool, cool. I will take studying and shoot it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 18 is the best. Actually, 19 is the best. Oh, 1919 is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome. Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Better luck with the sneak tack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yes, much better luck with the sneak attack. That's 43.
Tim Sackton: It's looking quite hard at this point, and as it beats its wings up into the air, this massive blast of cold sh
Tim Sackton: shoots out
covering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's very big.
Mike Sackton: everybody in that radius. Alright, I will cast. I will cast absorb elements.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so everybody make a
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if you're immune to cold damage right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you're not immune to call damage or resistant to call damage constitution. Say you said, okay.
Kate Sackton: 19
15,
Eric Rosenbaum: a 7 low is given. 13. Okay? So, Kenza, where do you roll?
Da da, da.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see?
See each other?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. My computer.
Tim Sackton:  you said, con safe. Yeah.
your woman has a and
Tim Sackton: okay, Kenza takes 62 points of cold damage, takes 31 points of cold damage. Dial with takes 31 points of cold damage. Well, we take 62 points of cold damage.
Tim Sackton: Nope, it's a saving throw. Riswin takes
Tim Sackton: 31 points of cold damage. What does that? What did the resistance do for me? It wet the damage in half
Mike Sackton: you failed to save. Presumably, if you failed your save oh, alright! Well, that's a big difference effectively you made your save. Even if you failed. And Kenzo, you also need to make a constitution saving throw, for
Tim Sackton: to see whether you fall from the Raven Raven whistle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're gonna take any damage if you fall. But
Eric Rosenbaum: so Kenzo drops gracefully to the ground and riz when you need to make a constitution saving throw for
Tim Sackton: wall of fire.
Kate Sackton: 22
Tim Sackton: that succeeds. The wildfire is still up.
Tim Sackton: and now the dragon runs.
Mike Sackton: What's how far does it get?
Tim Sackton: It gets
Tim Sackton: like 80 feet away it gets to there. And how high up is it? It's still 60 feet does not succeed on its
Tim Sackton: save to disrupt synaptics. That cause. That's not concentration, is it? No? Okay.
Mike Sackton: wait. How does it? Actually, that's a bizarre spell. It says, instantaneous
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it has muddled thoughts for 1 min, if not concentration lasts for a minute.
Tim Sackton: This ice. These 2 ice creatures that are melting are gonna run away from the wall on fire. 1, 2, 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: 5, 6, and let's see if anybody's in range
Tim Sackton: seekers in range. It's gonna cost seeker. You have partial cover from the free
Tim Sackton: so that adds, plus 2 to your A/C,
Tim Sackton: so the first one is a 22
Eric Rosenbaum: that easily. It's
Tim Sackton: second, one's a natural one, so one ice javelin shatters against the tree.
Tim Sackton: The second one, however, strikes you. and you take 22 points of piercing damage. and your speed is also reduced while your speed is already 0.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I knew I should have stayed
Mike Sackton: on the ship. You'll be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I'm the one that shoots the ice javelins, you guys.
Tim Sackton: And this
Tim Sackton: this one is going to
Tim Sackton: throw 2 javelins at
Tim Sackton: at Dalwith.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 20 to hit and
Mike Sackton: 13 to hat. Yes.
Tim Sackton: and that ends those turns. Kenzo is up. Then see their next
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude. I will chase after the dragon, try to kill it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or befriend it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's  60 plus.
Tim Sackton: So I don't. So it's it is currently
Tim Sackton:  85 feet away from you, and you have to spend half your movement standing up from.
Tim Sackton: Well, you didn't take damage when you fell. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I'm also like acrobatic. And yeah, so I guess you don't land prone. So it's 85 feet away from you. Yeah, I will. I'll engage it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll engage it and buck it up, using the exact same thing I was doing last time I use it. Shopping stripe again.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go. No more advantage, right?
Tim Sackton: No more advantage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unless I get inspired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then let's see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18
Tim Sackton: misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I get some inspiration?
Mike Sackton: Inspiration too far away?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's an interesting point. Wait! What's my range on that 60, I think.
Mike Sackton: Are you within 60 feet. How wait! He's the dragon's 80 feet up. Right. Bragging is 60 feet up, so no, you're not within 60 feet of it, cause you have to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. I missed my first one, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second attack. Oh, my God! Now I'm rolling terribly. I rolled a one, so I missed my second attack. Shit Kenza, slightly, slightly slightly muddled from the
Tim Sackton: fall, despite the graceful landing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, and this one I'll use the disrupting thing. 13. So
that's a
Tim Sackton: where did my stats go?
Tim Sackton:  17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It makes it. It makes it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. Second, strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27 baddets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That does another 7 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then final attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that 29 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do another 9 damage. Oh, and also, Tim, let me see, the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the aura strike on successful save the target takes one d. 10 plus 3 force damage. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Roll lend me 10 plus 3
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 horse damage.
Tim Sackton: This dragon is badly limping.
Tim Sackton: You can see it's wicked pattern. There's like pieces of ice falling off of it. It's looking like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ragged. I don't know 100 points of damage to this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: But as it's as it's like hurting, and
Tim Sackton: I'm beginning to fly away from you. You can see like
Tim Sackton: it's breathing. It's like pulling in the cold air, and it's as your turn ends. It's going to strike you again with hail.
Tim Sackton: That's going to be
Tim Sackton: 11 plus 1122 to hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I do? My deflect thing.
Yes, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I will deflect the attack. It's got to roll damage first. You might be able to actually
Tim Sackton: alright, that's 17 points of bludgeoning damage from its tail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can reduce it.
Tim Sackton: I think it's Wendy 10 plus your month level 10 plus 18. It says, here, Wendy, 10 plus
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, sorry. Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 deep play.
Eric Rosenbaum: But wait. This is reflective.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. It says on d 10 plus 18 oned 10 plus 18, right? It's your tax plus. Okay. So you release it to 0
Tim Sackton: started dexterity saving throw
Tim Sackton: that fails. But it's gonna use a legendary resistance on that
Tim Sackton: cause. It does not want to die. so it dodges as Kenzo knocks the tail away, it dodges out as you
Mike Sackton: try and reflect the energy back to it. I can't remember.
Tim Sackton: That was its second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Still has one more
Tim Sackton: that ends Kensa's turn seekers up
Eric Rosenbaum:  and
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm in range to try irresistible curiosity on it.
Mike Sackton: It's just that that doesn't do any damage. What does it do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Moving would be very useful. It can move is 0. So seriously, so seriously, just do that. Should we put it in the mirror now, instead of killing it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this would help if we can. If I can accomplish. No, we want its pieces. Yeah, no, definitely. If you can make its move. 0, that's very powerful. It's a wisdom, save so at it's probably 50 50,
Mike Sackton: you know, but it might use this legendary resistance. But so what if it does? It won't have it for
Eric Rosenbaum: Briswin and Della? Oh, my one question is, I'm in range now, if I want to move, and that puts me out of range, can I not use the spell? You can move after you cast. Ok. I cast ruin of irresistible curiosity.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: as appears right in front of that. And I just stares at the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: It uses legendary resistance. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: it doesn't get a save until its turn. Right? Oh, amazing. Okay. So
Eric Rosenbaum: and then how far? So I don't have any move because of my because of your resistance.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the latter is carrying me and can move up to 40, I think.
Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can't. I can't go very far. I could go
Eric Rosenbaum: just like it over here. I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not great. But okay, yeah. Me and the latter are gonna go over here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I should've done.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should have done the cold damage resistance thing again. I can do that one more time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it is a
Eric Rosenbaum: earthen, irresistible curiosity also.
Eric Rosenbaum: So see her skin hardens again for a second time.
Eric Rosenbaum: using up all my charges. Okay.
Mike Sackton: that's right. We're fighting a dragon and res one's up
Kate Sackton: alright. I move closer.
Kate Sackton: Mean, I don't really have to.
Mike Sackton: It's like what 100 feet something like that. What is it from?
Tim Sackton: It's 60. So
Kate Sackton: and so yeah, and the only spell I can do is 120 foot range. So we're fine.
Kate Sackton: So I guiding bolted.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make your tackle.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: it's gonna attempt to. Well, its speed is 0, so it can't use that. But at the end of seekers turn, it's going to  swing its tail again at Kenzo.
Mike Sackton:  Did you hit with the guy, bolt? I don't know. Tim's not paying attention to my rules.
Mike Sackton: You have your role set, so none of us can see them. It has a 19 A/C.
Mike Sackton: The 18 missed to the 19 head.
Tim Sackton: Yes, the tail swings at Kenza, which is 23 to hit.
Tim Sackton: and you've already used your reaction. So that is going to be
Tim Sackton:  It's terrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carol overdue.
Tim Sackton: terrible. or at
Tim Sackton: that's going to be 10 points of bludgeoning damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: still alive.
Tim Sackton:  sorry, Kate. What did Rizmond roll to hit with the guiding bolt?
Kate Sackton: I think 16. I'm not sure. I rolled press, 2 different buttons and 2 different things happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody has advantages. I have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Because of the irresistible curiosity. the ruin of oh.
Kate Sackton: well, then, my higher roll, then counts. So 23. So
Tim Sackton: yeah, okay, 23 hits. It's spot Eric. This.
Tim Sackton: and how much? 42 damage. Okay, yeah, it's not surviving that
Eric Rosenbaum:  nice
Tim Sackton: with with its with it frozen in place
Tim Sackton: by this rune it's holding still enough for rizwin to line up a bulk of divine energy that flies forward and strikes the dragon.
Tim Sackton: and it falls to the ground
Tim Sackton: crashing.
Tim Sackton: studying
Tim Sackton: at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: Doweth there's still these 2 ice creatures here.
Mike Sackton: Oh, they didn't go away.
Tim Sackton: They have not gone away. They seem to be quite rapidly, though.
Mike Sackton:  I miss them. Yes.
Mike Sackton: is it like
Mike Sackton: they're melting rapidly?
Mike Sackton: I guess I'll go. I'll guess I'll go attack one
Mike Sackton: haven't actually attacked yet in this comment.
Mike Sackton: A
Mike Sackton: well, that's not gonna hit. Nope. that will hit
Tim Sackton: yup
Mike Sackton:  oops
Mike Sackton: can't
Mike Sackton: 16 damage. Okay?
Tim Sackton:  The ice is beginning to sort of fracture and slump off of this creature as you run forward and slice it. Well, be, what are you doing? Wait, I get another attack. Oh, okay, forgot
Tim Sackton: that hits
Mike Sackton: I, just waiting to see if it died before I 18 damage
Tim Sackton: still standing. But again it's cracking, and you can see almost like it. Begin to fracture into these shards.
Tim Sackton: Bobby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shooting the one near me.
Kate Sackton: Try and take that one down.
I cannot see that one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cannot see that one on the other side of a wall of fire from you. Yeah, then.
Tim Sackton: can I see the other one. Nope, that's on the other side of the tent and the wildfire.
Alright, I'll fly up.
Kate Sackton: Can you move to the edge of the wildfire.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you I mean, if you move you can. I think I need to move this way.
Kate Sackton: if I still want. Look around the umpire.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Tim does this? Is this thing immune to cold damage?
Mike Sackton: Yes, okay, never mind that.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise there would have been
Tim Sackton: badly hurt by the
Mike Sackton: roughly. I'm just gonna run all the way up to it and stab it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: wait. Sorry. Which that one you ran up to wait. Do you have the move to get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: but you can't run through the wall of fire. You'll die. Boot! Speed that double to 80!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's 70 without going through the wall. 70 or 65,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 37.
Tim Sackton: This thing is like seriously starting to crack into pieces.
Tim Sackton:  okay, their turn. This one like it's beginning to melt and and fall apart, ice
Tim Sackton: lacking off of it, and it runs forward towards Seeker. And then both of them explode.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Oh.
Tim Sackton:  dexterity saving throws from
Tim Sackton: seeker Wellbe and dealt with
Mike Sackton: I'm going to use favor of the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum:  so it's actually a 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that makes a big difference.
Mike Sackton: That's why you feel like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use some help with this role, but I don't know if I have anything that can help with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how serious this is, but I am down bunch of hit points.
Tim Sackton: Seeker takes 41 points or sorry 20 points of bludgeoning damage, and 21 points of call damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, that's up to 41. I have 41.
Tim Sackton: You have exactly 41 hit point. Well, we take no damage deal with takes 10 points of bludgeoning and  10 points of cold damage. I'm gonna cast a absorb elements just to get rid of 5 of the cold. Okay.
Mike Sackton: but they're both exploded now. Yeah, that's why I guessed it, because
Eric Rosenbaum: well, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum:  I guess secrets still on the ladder. But unconscious seeker is knocked just barely unconscious by that explosion.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then does the latter
Eric Rosenbaum: the revert to being a ladder. At that point.
Tim Sackton: the latter reverse to being a ladder.
Tim Sackton: I like to think that it like gently folds across. You
Tim Sackton: kill you, I assume?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as somebody presumably runs over and we'll assume. Rizwin runs over and he'll speak there.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, do I just need to cure wounds or something more important for knocked out?
Tim Sackton: No, just a cure words. It's fun
Kate Sackton: I need. Instead of the art emergency medical services
Tim Sackton: you all gather around the
Mike Sackton: we need to hack its parts to bits. Yes, you gather around the
Tim Sackton: crashed body of the dragon.
Mike Sackton: How many drags have we killed now? 2.
Mike Sackton: See that one was a lot easier than that was pretty easy. Actually, I told you without me.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Killed it by myself
Mike Sackton: now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No cause. It was every charges, breath, weapons, and round it was. Gonna do
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that breath oven was pretty nasty
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Canada's, gonna but dragons are much less.
Tim Sackton: Well. non, non, ancient dragons are much less nasty if you have flight.
Eric Rosenbaum: because otherwise they can just.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it continued out, Yeah, PIN you. They can just fly around you, didn't. You? Couldn't fly when the Green Dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: That's why I made you fight it in its lair cause. Otherwise you would have had no chance. We had flight
Tim Sackton: definitely. Flight dial with could cast live. But that was your only ninth level. That wasn't a good thing
Mike Sackton: to 2 of us right now. Well, we didn't have his. Well, we didn't have his armor, and you didn't
Tim Sackton: with the raven, with the ravens whistle.
Mike Sackton: but only oh, actually, no 3 of us could have flown. Not 4,
Tim Sackton: right?
Tim Sackton: But secret could have. Yeah, you could have problem still, cause I only had Fourth Level slots. I didn't have Fifth Level slots. I can only do 2 targets, not 3, right? That's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're in the layer, anyway, though. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: anyway. So you hack the dragon to pieces.
Tim Sackton: like harvesting the parts from the ice worm.
Tim Sackton: everybody can take an attempt to harvest something. Let me know what skill or proficiency you're using to do the harvesting, and then we'll
Eric Rosenbaum: wait. So what are the rolling survival.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton:  claws, skin teeth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I mean, which one requires acrobatics.
Tim Sackton: None.
Mike Sackton: But it's hard.
Tim Sackton: Hart. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About insight.
Tim Sackton: None.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on. You have to be insightful. Dexterity like you gotta, you know, be all you could just roll straight decks if you want. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Audio Street. That's a plus 10
Tim Sackton: no plus 5.
Tim Sackton: That's a saving throw. It would just be administrate. Dex
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: overall survival. Also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dammit 5, 8.
Tim Sackton: Inspiration cellar end
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspirations all around.
Mike Sackton: You guys don't need inspiration. Look at those roles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need inspiration.
Tim Sackton: although I guess 24 is like almost the worst you can roll on survival. So
Mike Sackton: guidance on somebody
Mike Sackton: rose man. I guess like has guidance on myself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're muted, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give it to me. I want it. Thanks. Yeah. I hand out inspirations as needed, because I have several left.
Mike Sackton: 19. Hmm.
Tim Sackton: roll twice. Take the higher.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a little better. 34. There you go, 34, 30, 19.
Tim Sackton: If there's no inspirations left. We can stick with my 24.
Mike Sackton: You can guidance yourself. Add A. D. 4 just from the prayers of the bars. You can always just do it in turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll add before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So 27 I went from an 8 to a 21 sweet.
Mike Sackton: Oh, cause you got it! Can I take an inspiration, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks, team. I think he's out. I think you're. Do you have one more, or you? Out
Eric Rosenbaum: of inspiration? I marked down 3, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I might be short one. I have 5 total.
Tim Sackton: Now, what somebody else can dig in this.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we could do one more, 5, 9. So I also, I got a 28 that wow! Your inspiration's really good.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're so inspiring seeker
Tim Sackton: seeker, just without anything. And what are you harvesting seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going for? Teeth.
Tim Sackton:  like you. Just you slowly get up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, actually, I was wondering, does! Is there a
Eric Rosenbaum: freezing this organ like the way up fire breathing drag
Tim Sackton: like a venom sack
Tim Sackton: that it uses to generate. It's cold breath.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm taking.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's like. I've got this just walks over to the drive like its mouth from Kenzo's last attack. Its mouth is just like
Tim Sackton: sprawled open. He was about to breathe in another
Tim Sackton:  burst of flamen. You're small enough
Tim Sackton: seeker to just kind of walk into its mouth. You're just looking around like right there. Take out a knife
Tim Sackton: with with a gloved hand, just reach out and seekr. Just walks out. Somebody's gotta do this on. Dolly walks out from the track, and Smith, holding this like
Tim Sackton: steaming vial that looks like steaming hand that looks like dry like just dry ice coming off of his hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton:  Welby, also. What are you harvesting Welby
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): scales, I guess.
Tim Sackton: with the vicious sort sword you just start
Tim Sackton: harvesting dragon hide.
Tim Sackton: but you're in the bagging guiltily and quickly. Dragon scales are super tough like you can't harvest a ton or dull, even magic weapon. but you're able to get.
Kate Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: the like. A good bolt's worth like you could make a suit of armor.
Tim Sackton: But,
Tim Sackton: Dalwith.
Mike Sackton: I'm going after, like internal organs. Okay.
Tim Sackton: heart, or something more interesting if I find something more interesting cutting my way to its heart. Okay, now I see what it's been eating with cuts. Open the dragon.
Tim Sackton: and you jump away, because, as you cut into its stomach.
Tim Sackton: there's just this
Tim Sackton: geyser of ice.
it drops out. It seems like it, in fact. been eating ice
Kate Sackton: externalize
Kate Sackton: explosive ice.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it's just like
Tim Sackton: it's like blood spurting when it's like ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  does. Eric like or does seeker like freak out and like jump in front of it in my bath.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not possessed anymore. II only do that in private.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, is that what's happening in this room?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's kind of personal. So
Tim Sackton: the most, the most interesting internal organ is not actually the heart.
Tim Sackton: It's well, we would sort of be the equivalent of like a liver slash kidney, like a detoxification organ, which is like where it's legendary resistance
Kate Sackton: like detoxification.
Kenzo and Rizwin.
Tim Sackton: I mean, is the heart still useful? Or should I just get some teeth or claws or something?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's it's sold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually actually, taken all seriousness as the death blow is being dealt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can Kenza, like Kenzie's like like can Kenza like? Observe? It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consciousness, like what what happens to the dragon like he's just like super focused cause he's been so ultra focused on its aura the whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like what happens to the dragons like consciousness and spirit, like as it dies
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there like with all depends on like awareness, like focus on what the hell's going on like. Where what happens?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he notice anything?
Tim Sackton:  Like everything else.
Tim Sackton: it goes to the land of the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can he? Can he capture it in a bottle of some kind before it gets there.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's like an 8 level month ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What? Level eighteenth level. I'm just making this up. But yeah, you gotta be.
Tim Sackton: You gotta be much more powerful to be able to attempt that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. That's cool. I'll hang in for that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so harvest
Tim Sackton: teeth, claws, heart.
Tim Sackton: which
Tim Sackton: some more dragon parts
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one requires the most dexterity. Alright.
Tim Sackton: he's probably
Tim Sackton: Dexter just requires strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Biology
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the team
Tim Sackton: after, as the sun is now fully sat, and the dragon's carcass is
Tim Sackton: beginning to melt esteem. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: wildfire is gone.
Tim Sackton: you return to camp, I guess, or return to the ship. I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Umhm.
Eric Rosenbaum: the ship that's where the shower room is. Yeah, carrying another
Tim Sackton:  treasure load of monster parts.
Tim Sackton: and as you return
Tim Sackton: you I mean you don't
Tim Sackton: t received.
Tim Sackton: I guess the the giant is now visible.
Tim Sackton: because.
Tim Sackton: but otherwise, like everything, is still. The ship is still hidden
Tim Sackton: still this, like hill and trees around it.
Tim Sackton:  And as you, as you approach, you see like
Tim Sackton: faces, start to poke out of the out of the hill. One, and then
Tim Sackton: 2 more. and then 5 more. and then there's just like cheering.
like
Tim Sackton: 20 faces sticking out over the head. looking at you.
Tim Sackton:  as you return
Tim Sackton: board your ship again.
Tim Sackton: like everybody, is just super grateful, happy.
Tim Sackton:  Tarston
Tim Sackton: comes up and says.
Tim Sackton: did not think it could be done.
Tim Sackton: There is anything we can do for you, anything.
Tim Sackton: just ask it, and it will be so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want, like all their help with their stuff? That, yeah, yeah, I think we want an introduction to other clans that
Eric Rosenbaum: say the same thing ideal world, I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guide to take us all the way downriver. Right? Yeah. Oh, and if anybody in there, in their in their crew, knows first really well well, and can join us. Join our Mary Mary plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is just a random speculation, but the thing about like their soul being attached to an animal. Yeah, makes me wonder about the phylactory thing that, like protects your soul elsewhere, and if they know of a way to sever the soul connection
Eric Rosenbaum: like not that they want to do that, but they know and know how that works. Maybe we could learn about
Eric Rosenbaum: a way to attack Apollo. Yeah, but we would have to find their like highest level, like Loremaster.
Tim Sackton: So you you you sit around for some time discussing
Tim Sackton: Ersk talking about. There are several people in this in this
Tim Sackton: village who have traveled to Earth. They don't trade frequently, but they're not.
Tim Sackton: I mean there are. There are a few people who do know some of Ersk and spend a while sort of talking to them, and just just kind of
Tim Sackton: learning what you can about.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: about II don't know. Why do you? What is it that you're
Tim Sackton: hoping to learn specifically like, what's the information you're looking for
Kate Sackton: like
Kate Sackton: when we get there, can we just walk in offer, you know. Say, we have some parts to sell. Who should we should we have contacts? Do we need to like? Know the right people like is there like a secret underground group of
Kate Sackton: there are people who are like miserable, who like have a resistance going to the current government like, you know
Kate Sackton: what was the thing about like? If they pre accept the protection of the wizards, they lose their animals natures lose the ability. Is that a thing? What they lose, the ability to shape shift.
Tim Sackton: So so what you learn basically is, let me switch it back to that.
Kate Sackton: But that's fun.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton:  you are
Tim Sackton: currently
roughly.
Tim Sackton: here, Ish Gray
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the. So so what you learn about the approach from to earth is okay. So you know that there is the city zarvena
Tim Sackton: just here on the cat. and there are definitely there are many
Tim Sackton: Varga to trade there.
Tim Sackton: There is. There is one older man you talk to, who used to travel with the monster, with the caravans, with the trade groups that would go downriver in summer.
Tim Sackton: I can use
Tim Sackton: to Zipzer Harvesta. and he says.
Kate Sackton: you know, it's a frontier city. It's
Tim Sackton: heavily fortified. But you know, if you pretend to be
Tim Sackton: Bargaw people won't
Tim Sackton: match.
Tim Sackton: I don't expect you sort of, you know, talking somewhat dismissively. They don't expect, you know, in a sarcastic way. He says that
Tim Sackton: uncultured
Tim Sackton: wild people to speak the language or know the customs.
Tim Sackton: So you have something to sell
Tim Sackton: in the markets of
Tim Sackton: Verveenka.
Tim Sackton: that is.
Tim Sackton: you know, they would always just just go down river, you know. They'd be stopped.
Tim Sackton: Question, but nobody nobody cared too much as long as they were bringing goods to market.
Tim Sackton:  But he looks around at you.
Tim Sackton: You're gonna need some good disguises, because there are no Dorvin Vargold.
Eric Rosenbaum:  halfling. Yes.
Tim Sackton: an elf could pass as a human.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: But they'll be suspicious if you show up claiming to be
Tim Sackton:  You do also hear from
Tim Sackton: another, just like everybody, is chining in with advice, and say that tell their stories of their
Tim Sackton: youth and the stories of their cousins and their stories of their you know.
Tim Sackton: Sisters, brothers, mother!
Tim Sackton:  There's another city.
Tim Sackton: One of them says. Yamgov.
Tim Sackton: it's on this river here.
Tim Sackton: and these mountains are not well guarded. They are
Tim Sackton: follows ice and strange magic.
Tim Sackton: Not travel there lightly, but if you killed a dragon that should be of little consequence to you.
Tim Sackton: if you cross the mountains, the interior of this river valley is lightly settled.
Tim Sackton: This border
Tim Sackton: here
Tim Sackton: is not, is not a safe place.
Tim Sackton: was the edge of the land of the
Tim Sackton: vampire bats they call that
Tim Sackton: giant bats patrol at night and fly off with anybody who
Tim Sackton: creeps too close to the land of the vampire, the Land of Darkness here.
Tim Sackton: but if you can sneak across these mountains, you may be able to travel for quite some distance unnoticed in the interior of Erskine.
Tim Sackton: Just depends on what you want to do, and
no
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
Tim Sackton: Somebody else turns in. But but what about their ship?
Tim Sackton: And Torsten says, Oh, yeah, no, you definitely cannot fly this castle into Earth
Eric Rosenbaum: who need?
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you'll be seen for miles and miles. What if we hit it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we really have?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you make it invisible. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: can we? There, can we?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that we have, if we chose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of the bastion things differently.
Eric Rosenbaum: not invisible. But there was a cloud generator that would let you
Tim Sackton: sort of look like a cloud, but it would not be invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that that would, and even that like a single small cloud moving in a straight line. Yeah, like a little suspicious cloud. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, we need to make it. We need that invisibility. That's like important for our ship. Eventually.
Mike Sackton: I'm pretty tired. Are we trying to decide what we're doing tonight?
If everybody agrees to actually respond to texts and decide what you're doing.
Tim Sackton: The attacks. That's fine. Just can't decide what you're doing at the beginning of next session, because then there won't be a next session.
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Tim Sackton: Basically the options are you go to the Trade city
Tim Sackton: or you sneak in across the mountains
Kate Sackton: and wander around the countryside and wander around the sparsely populated western border.
Tim Sackton: trying to avoid being snatched at night by giant bats.
Kate Sackton: So speaking of the Vargold, so there are no Bargold who are dwarves. But there are dwarves who live in Ersk
Kate Sackton: like if
Kate Sackton: if I weren't pretending to be bar, that's what I'm asking. Are there dwarves that live in Earth's cars to can I just screw, no matter what
Tim Sackton:  There may very well be dwarves in the coastal cities.
Tim Sackton: The Bargald who you're speaking to has never seen a dwarf in the markets
Tim Sackton: like in in serving that.
Tim Sackton: It's not like a okay good to know. That's what I needed to add. And you mustn't learn part of the reason, the or like they talk. You hear a little bit more about this.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Arcane, right? Or something like that. The details are a little bit fuzzy.
Tim Sackton: but apparently this is like a
Kate Sackton: wizards of Ersk are
Tim Sackton: very strong.
and part of the way that wizards are so strong and so powerful, and
so much magic is something to do with this
Tim Sackton: ritual that finds the people of Earth together. And actually, as they're talking about it. it occurs to certainly Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: I think, is the only one who actually did. The.
Tim Sackton: This sounds not too dissimilar from
Tim Sackton: chicken, although
Tim Sackton: channeled by wizards instead of
Tim Sackton: God.
Mike Sackton:  Our dwarves.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I guess he's never seen a dwarf is the point
Tim Sackton: in the West. No, no, no, I mean, he's never seen a dwarf in the market.
Mike Sackton: Do they expect everybody to be
Mike Sackton: farcical?
Mike Sackton: I mean, what if you just like?
Mike Sackton: Has he ever seen anybody who wasn't one of the
Mike Sackton: our goal in the market town. Is there anybody else who sells stuff?
Tim Sackton: So I mean a couple of the halflings chime in? And our.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: yeah, once I think there was some
Tim Sackton: dragon hunter from far away.
Tim Sackton: who had heard of
Tim Sackton: Earth Skinhead come from the far North.
Tim Sackton: Goods to sell. He was.
Tim Sackton: Don't remember. This was when I was just a small child.
Tim Sackton: He was definitely treated with more suspicions than the Vargold
Tim Sackton: kind of expect us.
Tim Sackton: Let us come and go without too much questioning
venture. I think there was a
Tim Sackton: big to do with the
Tim Sackton: the eyes. The
Tim Sackton: where did the letter call them? Like magical secret police? Right?
Tim Sackton: But yes, there are other people there.
Mike Sackton: I mean the reason this is complicated.
Mike Sackton: We don't actually know what our second step is. Get to Ersk, and then somehow find the figure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna miss this. But if somebody in this group actually knows, can you want to come with us?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be our guide
Tim Sackton: so?
Kate Sackton: Or do they know somebody who we could.
Kate Sackton: The savvy is far gold.
Mike Sackton: Sorry? Go ahead, as I say. Could we learn a little bit to any of them? Know the language.
Tim Sackton:  nobody yes, a few people do know a bit of Ersk.
Tim Sackton:  it depends on how long you wanna like camp out and spend learning the language. I mean, you might pick up a few words in a day or 2, but you're gonna need at least a few weeks
Tim Sackton: to be like, you know.
Tim Sackton: able to communicate, even
Tim Sackton: in a sort of broken way.
Tim Sackton: which you could decide to hang out for a few weeks if you want to.
Tim Sackton: Nope, I mean, nobody in this group is gonna
if you wanted to hang out for a few weeks of them.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how long is the journey?
Tim Sackton: Depends on how close you're willing to get with the ship if you're going to.
Mike Sackton: Let's say we don't want to bring the ship more than 50 miles to the border.
Tim Sackton: It's like 800 miles to the Trade City.
Tim Sackton: or like 600 miles to the mountain.
Mike Sackton: So the ship went sick.
Tim Sackton: Then just aren't enough flies.
Kate Sackton: But there's that stretch of the cat that's sort of in open space before Zirinka probably still populated, so the eyes might still be
Kate Sackton: aware of what happens there?
Mike Sackton: Is it populated north of the city at all? Or is that the border?
Tim Sackton: It's sort of frontier. There's definitely like some people who live out there. But it's not certainly not densely populated.
Tim Sackton: This map is just just what catching those just cause. It's blank on the map doesn't mean anything. It just means Ketcha hasn't traveled.
Kate Sackton: What did the Vargold know about like where the surveillance of the eyes would see the ship?
Tim Sackton: Not till you're well. seeing the ship. I mean, the ship is like 200 feet like the size of an airplane. You can see it from a decent distance away.
Kate Sackton: But where do they patrol like?
Tim Sackton: Not not more than 10 or 15 miles outside the city.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's what I needed. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you could probably get wow.
Tim Sackton: at least into the mountains, maybe not to the other side of the
Tim Sackton: they had patrol them.
but
Tim Sackton: southern border of the mountains lightly.
Mike Sackton: so we either park in the southern foothills or
Kate Sackton: 20 miles west of Zervinka.
Kate Sackton: Sure. Sorry if they can see us from 50 miles away.
Kate Sackton: 70 miles west of Zarenca. Right?
Mike Sackton: What? But again. I guess I don't quite know what our next step is.
Kate Sackton: We need to hang around in Ersk long enough to find this Jaden Pan thing
Kate Sackton: means we need to
Kate Sackton: find the like seedy underbelly of earth's politics and get in touch with the people who don't have power and help.
Kate Sackton: you know, recruit them into
Kate Sackton: helping us find this thing from the people who do have power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. Sorry about this. This. Did anybody in this group in this village had any of them been to Earth.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, they were telling us a little bit about, but they don't know it. Well. they've only ever been to the Trade City.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did anybody want to help guide us to the Trade city, or is that? Did we not need that out?
Tim Sackton: Well, Ketcha can get us to the Trade city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Yota's willing to come along and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright great
Tim Sackton: help you survive in the wilderness if needed. But she's not gonna go into Earth. She's gonna stay with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine. That's that's wonderful thing goes there that's sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we can learn more along the way.
Mike Sackton: But we're trying to decide where to go. But I really what I really would appreciate you making some decision about is
Tim Sackton: you want to go to the Trade city?
Tim Sackton: Or do you want to try to cut across these mountains and sneak into the western border.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we want to go to the Trade City. I think we want to go to Trade City. We need to learn more. You know what we're doing if we like crossed over there like, then we're like, we just like walk into like some track we need to like, get more information, I think. Get closer talk to more people, learn what we can. The only risk with the Trade city is, the dwarves will really stand out.
Kate Sackton: I mean will really stand out on the western frontier. Also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we go to the town they stay on the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just need to go into the pot the trading area to like talk to people. It's like reconnaissance. But you gotta learn. You gotta figure out like we. We don't know anything about Earth
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is fun. That
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, like, well, be
Tim Sackton: II just all I need to know is which part of Ersk should I flesh out first?
Tim Sackton: So if you're happy going to the Trade city?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's fine. I think we need some reconnaissance.
Mike Sackton:  So it's gonna take us, what? How many days would it take us to get there? We 10 days.
Mike Sackton: 15 days.
Tim Sackton: So, assuming you fly 24 h, as is typical.
Mike Sackton: like 4 days, 700 and
Tim Sackton: 80 miles, let's say, before you wanna think about ditching the ship. So
Tim Sackton: so that's 3 and a half days.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are going to need an interim to train up Feldrick well enough to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we want to take 2 weeks? Do we want to take 2 weeks to get there and use the time to
Mike Sackton: train up Aldrich.
Mike Sackton: use our bastion investigation.
Mike Sackton: try and learn a little bit of Erskine things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's smart.
Mike Sackton: that's good idea. Instead of just going straight for as fast as we can.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know if there's any risk. I guess it's hard to know. Are we gonna like attract 6 more dragons as we go, or something? That but
Kate Sackton: that was my question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I think that the
Tim Sackton: sense of the
Tim Sackton: of the people in the village you talk to is
Tim Sackton: traveling slowly and ostentatiously across the landscape is probably a bad idea.
Tim Sackton: Hang out with them with the ship hidden under hallucinari terrain for 2 weeks to learn what you can, and then moving fast would not be risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: That makes sense. Then, yeah, let's do it.
Mike Sackton: We could do that. Yeah, let's do that. Let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I take that time to that 2 weeks to record lots of stories
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. Learn about.
Tim Sackton: It's it's midnight now, and we have a plan for what everybody. Yeah, but what I need to make up for next session. But I'm gonna suggest that we
Tim Sackton: stop there. We can do another like email.
Tim Sackton: like stuff you want to do in the village between now and next session, and we'll probably just pick up next session
Tim Sackton: like arriving outside of the Trade City
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is next session. Sunday, the tenth
Mike Sackton: Sunday. That's what's in my calendar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome guys. Alright, you're definitely the official, the official Dolly illustrator of the campaign. I just spend the most time doing it. So did you send a text, yeah. Steak or harvesting the
Tim Sackton: from the dragon. I love.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I tried to do one, but it didn't. The mid journey couldn't. Didn't do a good job. Dolly's a lot better at Dolly's. Much better for really specifics. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, like, mid journey just would created these terrifying dragons. But they were none of them were dad, even though I kept saying a dead dragon eyes to be closed, no matter what I did. But yeah, have you tried? Have you tried copilot
Mike Sackton: that off?
Mike Sackton: I was just. I was just briefly going to try with compost, and unless you ask it to make changes to the image when after it generates it. But I think they're just changes to the prompt, which is what Gp. Does. But anyway.